DOCUMENT: nvda-20240128
EXTRACTION METHOD: PDFPlumber-Tesseract
GENERATED: 2025-09-26 13:20:11

==================================================
PDFPLUMBER-TESSERACT EXTRACTION RESULTS
==================================================

Total Pages: 118
Successfully Extracted Pages: 118
Pages Using OCR: 0

EXTRACTED TEXT CONTENT:
--------------------------------------------------

=== PAGE 1 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
____________________________________________________________________________________________
FORM 10-K
☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended January 28, 2024
OR
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Commission file number: 0-23985
NVIDIA CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware 94-3177549
(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization) Identification No.)
2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95051
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (408) 486-2000
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share NVDA The Nasdaq Global Select Market
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
(§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer," “accelerated filer," “smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Emerging growth
Large accelerated filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reporting company ☐ company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the
correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No ☒
The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 28, 2023 was approximately $1.1 trillion (based on the closing sales price of the
registrant's common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on July 28, 2023). This calculation excludes 105 million shares held by directors and executive
officers of the registrant. This calculation does not exclude shares held by such organizations whose ownership exceeds 5% of the registrant's outstanding common stock that
have represented to the registrant that they are registered investment advisers or investment companies registered under section 8 of the Investment Company Act of 1940.
The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of February 16, 2024 was 2.5 billion.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the registrant's Proxy Statement for its 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A
not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference into Part III, Items 10-14 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 1/118


=== PAGE 2 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation
Table of Contents
Page
Part I
Item 1. Business 4
Item 1A. Risk Factors 13
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 31
Item 1C Cybersecurity 31
Item 2. Properties 32
Item 3. Legal Proceedings 32
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 32
Part II
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Item 5. Securities 32
Item 6. [Reserved] 33
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 34
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 43
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 44
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 44
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 44
Item 9B. Other Information 45
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 45
Part III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 45
Item 11. Executive Compensation 46
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 46
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 46
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 46
Part IV
Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 47
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 83
Signatures 84
2
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 2/118


=== PAGE 3 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Where You Can Find More Information
Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website,
press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. We also use the following social media channels as a means of
disclosing information about the company, our products, our planned financial and other announcements and attendance at upcoming
investor and industry conferences, and other matters and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD:
NVIDIA X Account (https://twitter.com/nvidia)
NVIDIA Corporate Blog (http://blogs.nvidia.com)
NVIDIA Facebook Page (https://www.facebook.com/nvidia)
NVIDIA LinkedIn Page (http://www.linkedin.com/company/nvidia)
NVIDIA Instagram Page (https://www.instagram.com/nvidia)
In addition, investors and others can view NVIDIA videos on YouTube (https://www.YouTube.com/nvidia).
The information we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these
accounts and the blog, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. This list may be
updated from time to time. The information we post through these channels is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These
channels may be updated from time to time on NVIDIA's investor relations website.
Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements which are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions
and on information currently available to our management. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as
“may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “goal,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “potential,” and
similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any
future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We discuss many of
these risks, uncertainties, and other factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in greater detail under the heading “Risk Factors.” Given
these risks, uncertainties, and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, these
forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. You should read this Annual
Report on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we
expect. We hereby qualify our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no
obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future.
All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries.
In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These
statements are based upon information available to us as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe
such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements
should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant
information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.
© 2024 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved.
3
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 3/118


=== PAGE 4 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Part I
Item 1. Business
Our Company
NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. NVIDIA is now a full-stack
computing infrastructure company with data-center-scale offerings that are reshaping industry.
Our full-stack includes the foundational CUDA programming model that runs on all NVIDIA GPUs, as well as hundreds of domain-
specific software libraries, software development kits, or SDKs, and Application Programming Interfaces, or APIs. This deep and broad
software stack accelerates the performance and eases the deployment of NVIDIA accelerated computing for computationally intensive
workloads such as artificial intelligence, or AI, model training and inference, data analytics, scientific computing, and 3D graphics, with
vertical-specific optimizations to address industries ranging from healthcare and telecom to automotive and manufacturing.
Our data-center-scale offerings are comprised of compute and networking solutions that can scale to tens of thousands of GPU-
accelerated servers interconnected to function as a single giant computer; this type of data center architecture and scale is needed for
the development and deployment of modern AI applications.
The GPU was initially used to simulate human imagination, enabling the virtual worlds of video games and films. Today, it also simulates
human intelligence, enabling a deeper understanding of the physical world. Its parallel processing capabilities, supported by thousands
of computing cores, are essential for deep learning algorithms. This form of AI, in which software writes itself by learning from large
amounts of data, can serve as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. GPU-
powered AI solutions are being developed by thousands of enterprises to deliver services and products that would have been immensely
difficult or even impossible with traditional coding. Examples include generative AI, which can create new content such as text, code,
images, audio, video, and molecule structures, and recommendation systems, which can recommend highly relevant content such as
products, services, media or ads using deep neural networks trained on vast datasets that capture the user preferences.
NVIDIA has a platform strategy, bringing together hardware, systems, software, algorithms, libraries, and services to create unique value
for the markets we serve. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified
underlying architecture leveraging our GPUs and networking and software stacks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows
us to support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with the same underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks
developed either internally or by third-party developers and partners. The large and growing number of developers and installed base
across our platforms strengthens our ecosystem and increases the value of our platform to our customers.
Innovation is at our core. We have invested over $45.3 billion in research and development since our inception, yielding inventions that
are essential to modern computing. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market and redefined
computer graphics. With our introduction of the CUDA programming model in 2006, we opened the parallel processing capabilities of our
GPU to a broad range of compute-intensive applications, paving the way for the emergence of modern AI. In 2012, the AlexNet neural
network, trained on NVIDIA GPUs, won the ImageNet computer image recognition competition, marking the “Big Bang” moment of AI.
We introduced our first Tensor Core GPU in 2017, built from the ground-up for the new era of AI, and our first autonomous driving
system-on-chips, or SoC, in 2018. Our acquisition of Mellanox in 2020 expanded our innovation canvas to include networking and led to
the introduction of a new processor class – the data processing unit, or DPU. Over the past 5 years, we have built full software stacks
that run on top of our GPUs and CUDA to bring AI to the world’s largest industries, including NVIDIA DRIVE stack for autonomous
driving, Clara for healthcare, and Omniverse for industrial digitalization; and introduced the NVIDIA AI Enterprise software – essentially
an operating system for enterprise AI applications. In 2023, we introduced our first data center CPU, Grace, built for giant-scale AI and
high-performance computing. With a strong engineering culture, we drive fast, yet harmonized, product and technology innovations in all
dimensions of computing including silicon, systems, networking, software and algorithms. More than half of our engineers work on
software.
The world’s leading cloud service providers, or CSPs, and consumer internet companies use our data center-scale accelerated
computing platforms to enable, accelerate or enrich the services they deliver to billions of end users, including AI solutions and
assistants, search, recommendations, social networking, online shopping, live video, and translation.
Enterprises and startups across a broad range of industries use our accelerated computing platforms to build new generative AI-enabled
products and services, or to dramatically accelerate and reduce the costs of their workloads and workflows. The enterprise software
industry uses them for new AI assistants and chatbots; the transportation industry for autonomous driving; the healthcare industry for
accelerated and computer-aided drug discovery; and the financial services industry for customer support and fraud detection.
4
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 4/118


=== PAGE 5 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 5/118


=== PAGE 6 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Researchers and developers use our computing solutions to accelerate a wide range of important applications, from simulating
molecular dynamics to climate forecasting. With support for more than 3,500 applications, NVIDIA computing enables some of the most
promising areas of discovery, from climate prediction to materials science and from wind tunnel simulation to genomics. Including GPUs
and networking, NVIDIA powers over 75% of the supercomputers on the global TOP500 list, including 24 of the top 30 systems on the
Green500 list.
Gamers choose NVIDIA GPUs to enjoy immersive, increasingly cinematic virtual worlds. In addition to serving the growing number of
gamers, the market for PC GPUs is expanding because of the burgeoning population of live streamers, broadcasters, artists, and
creators. With the advent of generative AI, we expect a broader set of PC users to choose NVIDIA GPUs for running generative AI
applications locally on their PC, which is critical for privacy, latency, and cost-sensitive AI applications.
Professional artists, architects and designers use NVIDIA partner products accelerated with our GPUs and software platform for a range
of creative and design use cases, such as creating visual effects in movies or designing buildings and products. In addition, generative
AI is expanding the market for our workstation-class GPUs, as more enterprise customers develop and deploy AI applications with their
data on-premises.
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April
1998.
Our Businesses
We report our business results in two segments.
The Compute & Networking segment is comprised of our Data Center accelerated computing platforms and end-to-end networking
platforms including Quantum for InfiniBand and Spectrum for Ethernet; our NVIDIA DRIVE automated-driving platform and automotive
development agreements; Jetson robotics and other embedded platforms; NVIDIA AI Enterprise and other software; and DGX Cloud
software and services.
The Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related
infrastructure; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics; virtual GPU, or vGPU, software for cloud-based visual and
virtual computing; automotive platforms for infotainment systems; and Omniverse Enterprise software for building and operating
metaverse and 3D internet applications.
Our Markets
We specialize in markets where our computing platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms
incorporate processors, interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four
large markets where our expertise is critical: Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive.
Data Center
The NVIDIA Data Center platform is focused on accelerating the most compute-intensive workloads, such as AI, data analytics, graphics
and scientific computing, delivering significantly better performance and power efficiency relative to conventional CPU-only approaches.
It is deployed in cloud, hyperscale, on-premises and edge data centers. The platform consists of compute and networking offerings
typically delivered to customers as systems, subsystems, or modules, along with software and services.
Our compute offerings include supercomputing platforms and servers, bringing together our energy efficient GPUs, DPUs, interconnects,
and fully optimized AI and high-performance computing, or HPC, software stacks. In addition, they include NVIDIA AI Enterprise
software; our DGX Cloud service; and a growing body of acceleration libraries, APIs, SDKs, and domain-specific application frameworks.
Our networking offerings include end-to-end platforms for InfiniBand and Ethernet, consisting of network adapters, cables, DPUs, and
switch systems, as well as a full software stack. This has enabled us to architect data center-scale computing platforms that can
interconnect thousands of compute nodes with high-performance networking. While historically the server was the unit of computing, as
AI and HPC workloads have become extremely large spanning thousands of compute nodes, the data center has become the new unit
of computing, with networking as an integral part.
Our end customers include the world’s leading public cloud and consumer internet companies, thousands of enterprises and startups,
and public sector entities. We work with industry leaders to help build or transform their applications and data center infrastructure. Our
direct customers include original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, original device manufacturers, or ODMs, system integrators and
distributors which we partner with to help bring our products to market. We also have partnerships in automotive, healthcare, financial
services, manufacturing, and retail among others, to accelerate the adoption of AI.
5
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 6/118


=== PAGE 7 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
At the foundation of the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform are our GPUs, which excel at parallel workloads such as the training
and inferencing of neural networks. They are available in the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform and in industry standard servers
from every major cloud provider and server maker. Beyond GPUs, our data center platform expanded to include DPUs in fiscal year
2022 and CPUs in fiscal year 2024. We can optimize across the entire computing, networking and storage stack to deliver data center-
scale computing solutions.
While our approach starts with powerful chips, what makes it a full-stack computing platform is our large body of software, including the
CUDA parallel programming model, the CUDA-X collection of acceleration libraries, APIs, SDKs, and domain-specific application
frameworks.
In addition to software delivered to customers as an integral part of our data center computing platform, we offer paid licenses to NVIDIA
AI Enterprise, a comprehensive suite of enterprise-grade AI software and NVIDIA vGPU software for graphics-rich virtual desktops and
workstations.
In fiscal year 2024, we launched the NVIDIA DGX Cloud, an AI-training-as-a-service platform which includes cloud-based infrastructure
and software for AI, customizable pretrained AI models, and access to NVIDIA experts. We have partnered with leading cloud service
providers to host this service in their data centers.
Gaming
Gaming is the largest entertainment industry, with PC gaming as the predominant platform. Many factors propel its growth, including new
high production value games and franchises, the continued rise of competitive gaming, or eSports, social connectivity and the increasing
popularity of game streamers, modders, or gamers who remaster games, and creators.
Our gaming platforms leverage our GPUs and sophisticated software to enhance the gaming experience with smoother, higher quality
graphics. We developed NVIDIA RTX to bring next generation graphics and AI to games. NVIDIA RTX features ray tracing technology for
real-time, cinematic-quality rendering. Ray tracing, which has long been used for special effects in the movie industry, is a
computationally intensive technique that simulates the physical behavior of light to achieve greater realism in computer-generated
scenes. NVIDIA RTX also features deep learning super sampling, or NVIDIA DLSS, our AI technology that boosts frame rates while
generating beautiful, sharp images for games. RTX GPUs will also accelerate a new generation of AI applications. With an installed base
of over 100 million AI capable PCs, more than 500 RTX AI-enabled applications and games, and a robust suite of development tools,
RTX is already the AI PC leader.
Our products for the gaming market include GeForce RTX and GeForce GTX GPUs for gaming desktop and laptop PCs, GeForce NOW
cloud gaming for playing PC games on underpowered devices, as well as SoCs and development services for game consoles.
Professional Visualization
We serve the Professional Visualization market by working closely with independent software vendors, or ISVs, to optimize their
offerings for NVIDIA GPUs. Our GPU computing platform enhances productivity and introduces new capabilities for critical workflows in
many fields, such as design and manufacturing and digital content creation. Design and manufacturing encompass computer-aided
design, architectural design, consumer-products manufacturing, medical instrumentation, and aerospace. Digital content creation
includes professional video editing and post-production, special effects for films, and broadcast-television graphics.
The NVIDIA RTX platform makes it possible to render film-quality, photorealistic objects and environments with physically accurate
shadows, reflections and refractions using ray tracing in real-time. Many leading 3D design and content creation applications developed
by our ecosystem partners now support RTX, allowing professionals to accelerate and transform their workflows with NVIDIA RTX GPUs
and software.
We offer NVIDIA Omniverse as a development platform and operating system for building virtual world simulation applications, available
as a software subscription for enterprise use and free for individual use. Industrial enterprises are adopting Omniverse’s 3D and
simulation technologies to digitalize their complex physical assets, processes, and environments – building digital twins of factories, real
time 3D product configurators, testing and validating autonomous robots and vehicles, powered by NVIDIA accelerated computing
infrastructure on-premises and in the cloud.
Automotive
Automotive market is comprised of platform solutions for automated driving and in-vehicle cockpit computing. Leveraging our technology
leadership in AI and building on our long-standing automotive relationships, we are delivering a complete end-to-end solution for the AV
market under the DRIVE Hyperion brand. We have demonstrated multiple applications of AI within the car: AI can drive the car itself as a
pilot in fully autonomous mode or it can also be a co-pilot, assisting the human driver while creating a safer driving experience.
6
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 7/118


=== PAGE 8 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
We are working with several hundred partners in the automotive ecosystem including automakers, truck makers, tier-one suppliers,
sensor manufacturers, automotive research institutions, HD mapping companies, and startups to develop and deploy AI systems for self-
driving vehicles. Our unified AI computing architecture starts with training deep neural networks using our Data Center computing
solutions, and then running a full perception, fusion, planning, and control stack within the vehicle on the NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion
platform. DRIVE Hyperion consists of the high-performance, energy efficient DRIVE AGX computing hardware, a reference sensor set
that supports full self-driving capability as well as an open, modular DRIVE software platform for autonomous driving, mapping, and
parking services, and intelligent in-vehicle experiences.
In addition, we offer a scalable data center-based simulation solution, NVIDIA DRIVE Sim, based on NVIDIA Omniverse software, for
digital cockpit development, as well as for testing and validating a self-driving platform. Our unique end-to-end, software-defined
approach is designed for continuous innovation and continuous development, enabling cars to receive over-the-air updates to add new
features and capabilities throughout the life of a vehicle.
Business Strategies
NVIDIA’s key strategies that shape our overall business approach include:
Advancing the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform. Our accelerated computing platform can solve complex problems in
significantly less time and with lower power consumption than alternative computational approaches. Indeed, it can help solve problems
that were previously deemed unsolvable. We work to deliver continued performance leaps that outpace Moore’s Law by leveraging
innovation across the architecture, chip design, system, interconnect, and software layers. This full-stack innovation approach allows us
to deliver order-of-magnitude performance advantages relative to legacy approaches in our target markets, which include Data Center,
Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address
them with a unified underlying architecture leveraging our GPUs, CUDA and networking technologies as the fundamental building
blocks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to make leveraged investments in research and development: we can
support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with shared underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either
internally or by third-party developers and partners. We utilize this platform approach in each of our target markets.
Extending our technology and platform leadership in AI. We provide a complete, end-to-end accelerated computing platform for AI,
addressing both training and inferencing. This includes full-stack data center-scale compute and networking solutions across processing
units, interconnects, systems, and software. Our compute solutions include all three major processing units in AI servers – GPUs, CPUs,
and DPUs. GPUs are uniquely suited to AI, and we will continue to add AI-specific features to our GPU architecture to further extend our
leadership position. In addition, we offer DGX Cloud, an AI-training-as-a-service platform, and NeMo – a complete solution for building
enterprise-ready Large Language Models, or LLMs, using open source and proprietary LLMs created by NVIDIA and third parties. Our AI
technology leadership is reinforced by our large and expanding ecosystem in a virtuous cycle. Our computing platforms are available
from virtually every major server maker and CSP, as well as on our own AI supercomputers. There are over 4.7 million developers
worldwide using CUDA and our other software tools to help deploy our technology in our target markets. We evangelize AI through
partnerships with hundreds of universities and thousands of startups through our Inception program. Additionally, our Deep Learning
Institute provides instruction on the latest techniques on how to design, train, and deploy neural networks in applications using our
accelerated computing platform.
Extending our technology and platform leadership in computer graphics. We believe that computer graphics infused with AI is
fundamental to the continued expansion and evolution of computing. We apply our research and development resources to enhance the
user experience for consumer entertainment and professional visualization applications and create new virtual world and simulation
capabilities. Our technologies are instrumental in driving the gaming, design, and creative industries forward, as developers leverage our
libraries and algorithms to deliver an optimized experience on our GeForce and NVIDIA RTX platforms. Our computer graphics platforms
leverage AI end-to-end, from the developer tools and cloud services to the Tensor Cores included in all RTX-class GPUs. For example,
NVIDIA Avatar Cloud Engine, or ACE, is a suite of technologies that help developers bring digital avatars to life with generative AI,
running in the cloud or locally on the PC. GeForce Experience enhances each gamer’s experience by optimizing their PC’s settings, as
well as enabling the recording and sharing of gameplay. Our Studio drivers enhance and accelerate a number of popular creative
applications. Omniverse is real-time 3D design collaboration and virtual world simulation software that empowers artists, designers, and
creators to connect and collaborate in leading design applications. We also enable interactive graphics applications - such as games,
movie and photo editing and design software - to be accessed by almost any device, almost anywhere, through our cloud platforms such
as vGPU for enterprise and GeForce NOW for gaming.
Advancing the leading autonomous vehicle platform. We believe the advent of autonomous vehicles, or AV, and electric vehicles, or
EV, is revolutionizing the transportation industry. The algorithms required for autonomous driving - such as perception, localization, and
planning - are too complex for legacy hand-coded approaches and will use multiple neural networks instead. In addition, EV makers are
looking for next-generation centralized car computers that integrate a wide range of intelligent functions into a single AI compute
platform. Therefore, we provide an AI-based hardware and software solution, designed and implemented from the ground up based on
automotive safety standards, for the AV and EV market under the DRIVE brand, which we are bringing to market through our
partnerships with automotive OEMs,
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 8/118


=== PAGE 9 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
7
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 9/118


=== PAGE 10 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
tier-1 suppliers, and start-ups. Our AV solution also includes the GPU-based hardware required to train the neural networks before their
in-vehicle deployment, as well as to re-simulate their operation prior to any over-the-air software updates. We believe our
comprehensive, top-to-bottom and end-to-end approach will enable the transportation industry to solve the complex problems arising
from the shift to autonomous driving.
Leveraging our intellectual property, or IP. We believe our IP is a valuable asset that can be accessed by our customers and partners
through license and development agreements when they desire to build such capabilities directly into their own products or have us do
so through a custom development. Such license and development arrangements can further enhance the reach of our technology.
Sales and Marketing
Our worldwide sales and marketing strategy is key to achieving our objective of providing markets with our high-performance and
efficient computing platforms and software. Our sales and marketing teams, located across our global markets, work closely with end
customers and various industry ecosystems through our partner network. Our partner network incorporates global, regional and
specialized CSPs, OEMs, ODMs, system integrators, independent software vendors, or ISVs, add-in board manufacturers, or AIBs,
distributors, automotive manufacturers and tier-1 automotive suppliers, and other ecosystem participants.
Members of our sales team have technical expertise and product and industry knowledge. We also employ a team of application
engineers and solution architects to provide pre-sales assistance to our partner network in designing, testing, and qualifying system
designs that incorporate our platforms. For example, our solution architects work with CSPs to provide pre-sales assistance to optimize
their hardware and software infrastructure for generative AI and LLM training and deployment. They also work with foundation model and
enterprise software developers to optimize the training and fine-tuning of their models and services, and with enterprise end-users, often
in collaboration with their global system integrator of choice, to fine-tune models and build AI applications. We believe that the depth and
quality of our design support are key to improving our partner network’s time-to-market, maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction,
and fostering relationships that encourage our end customers and partner network to use the next generation of our products within
each platform.
To encourage the development of applications optimized for our platforms and software, we seek to establish and maintain strong
relationships in the software development community. Engineering and marketing personnel engage with key software developers to
promote and discuss our platforms, as well as to ascertain individual product requirements and solve technical problems. Our developer
program supports the development of AI frameworks, SDKs, and APIs for software applications and game titles that are optimized for
our platforms. Our Deep Learning Institute provides in-person and online training for developers in industries and organizations around
the world to build AI and accelerated computing applications that leverage our platforms.
Seasonality
Our computing platforms serve a diverse set of markets such as data centers, gaming, professional visualization, and automotive. Our
desktop gaming products typically see stronger revenue in the second half of our fiscal year. Historical seasonality trends may not
repeat.
Manufacturing
We utilize a fabless and contracting manufacturing strategy, whereby we employ and partner with key suppliers for all phases of the
manufacturing process, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing, and packaging. We use the expertise of industry-leading suppliers
that are certified by the International Organization for Standardization in such areas as fabrication, assembly, quality control and
assurance, reliability, and testing. Additionally, we can avoid many of the significant costs and risks associated with owning and
operating manufacturing operations. While we may directly procure certain raw materials used in the production of our products, such as
memory, substrates, and a variety of components, our suppliers are responsible for procurement of most raw materials used in the
production of our products. As a result, we can focus our resources on product design, quality assurance, marketing, and customer
support. In periods of growth, we may place non-cancellable inventory orders for certain product components in advance of our historical
lead times, pay premiums, or provide deposits to secure future supply and capacity and may need to continue to do so.
We have expanded our supplier relationships to build redundancy and resilience in our operations to provide long-term manufacturing
capacity aligned with growing customer demand. Our supply chain is concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region. We utilize foundries, such
as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited, or TSMC, and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., or Samsung, to produce our
semiconductor wafers. We purchase memory from Micron Technology, Inc., SK Hynix Inc., and Samsung. We utilize CoWoS technology
for semiconductor packaging. We engage with independent subcontractors and contract manufacturers such as Hon Hai Precision
Industry Co., Ltd., Wistron Corporation, and Fabrinet to perform assembly, testing and packaging of our final products.
8
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 10/118


=== PAGE 11 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Competition
The market for our products is intensely competitive and is characterized by rapid technological change and evolving industry standards.
We believe that the principal competitive factors in this market are performance, breadth of product offerings, access to customers and
partners and distribution channels, software support, conformity to industry standard APIs, manufacturing capabilities, processor pricing,
and total system costs. We believe that our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we are able to anticipate the features
and functions that customers and partners will demand and whether we are able to deliver consistent volumes of our products at
acceptable levels of quality and at competitive prices. We expect competition to increase from both existing competitors and new market
entrants with products that may be lower priced than ours or may provide better performance or additional features not provided by our
products. In addition, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge and acquire significant market
share.
A significant source of competition comes from companies that provide or intend to provide GPUs, CPUs, DPUs, embedded SoCs, and
other accelerated, AI computing processor products, and providers of semiconductor-based high-performance interconnect products
based on InfiniBand, Ethernet, Fibre Channel, and proprietary technologies. Some of our competitors may have greater marketing,
financial, distribution and manufacturing resources than we do and may be more able to adapt to customers or technological changes.
We expect an increasingly competitive environment in the future.
Our current competitors include:
• suppliers and licensors of hardware and software for discrete and integrated GPUs, custom chips and other accelerated
computing solutions, including solutions offered for AI, such as Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., or AMD, Huawei Technologies
Co. Ltd., or Huawei, and Intel Corporation, or Intel;
• large cloud services companies with internal teams designing hardware and software that incorporate accelerated or AI
computing functionality as part of their internal solutions or platforms, such as Alibaba Group, Alphabet Inc., Amazon, Inc., or
Amazon, Baidu, Inc., Huawei, and Microsoft Corporation, or Microsoft;
• suppliers of Arm-based CPUs and companies that incorporate hardware and software for CPUs as part of their internal
solutions or platforms, such as Amazon, Huawei, and Microsoft;
• suppliers of hardware and software for SoC products that are used in servers or embedded into automobiles, autonomous
machines, and gaming devices, such as Ambarella, Inc., AMD, Broadcom Inc., or Broadcom, Intel, Qualcomm Incorporated,
Renesas Electronics Corporation, and Samsung, or companies with internal teams designing SoC products for their own
products and services, such as Tesla, Inc.; and
• networking products consisting of switches, network adapters (including DPUs), and cable solutions (including optical modules)
include such as AMD, Arista Networks, Broadcom, Cisco Systems, Inc., Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Huawei, Intel,
Lumentum Holdings, and Marvell Technology Group as well as internal teams of system vendors and large cloud services
companies.
Patents and Proprietary Rights
We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, and
licensing arrangements to protect our IP in the United States and internationally. Our currently issued patents have expiration dates from
February 2024 to August 2043. We have numerous patents issued, allowed, and pending in the United States and in foreign
jurisdictions. Our patents and pending patent applications primarily relate to our products and the technology used in connection with our
products. We also rely on international treaties, organizations, and foreign laws to protect our IP. The laws of certain foreign countries in
which our products are or may be manufactured or sold, including various countries in Asia, may not protect our products or IP rights to
the same extent as the laws of the United States. This decreased protection makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and
products more likely. We continuously assess whether and where to seek formal protection for innovations and technologies based on
such factors as:
• the location in which our products are manufactured;
• our strategic technology or product directions in different countries;
• the degree to which IP laws exist and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisdictions; and
• the commercial significance of our operations and our competitors' operations in particular countries and regions.
We have licensed technology from third parties and expect to continue entering such license agreements.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 11/118


=== PAGE 12 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
9
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 12/118


=== PAGE 13 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Government Regulations
Our worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules, and regulations of the United States as well as of foreign
governments.
During the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, the U.S. government, or the USG, announced licensing requirements that, with certain
exceptions, impact exports to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and Russia of our A100 and H100 integrated circuits, DGX or
any other systems or boards which incorporate A100 or H100 integrated circuits.
In July 2023, the USG informed us of an additional licensing requirement for a subset of A100 and H100 products destined to certain
customers and other regions, including some countries in the Middle East.
In October 2023, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements that became effective in our fourth quarter of fiscal year
2024 for exports to China and Country Groups D1, D4, and D5 (including but not limited to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and
Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including A100, A800, H100, H800, L4, L40,
L40S and RTX 4090. The licensing requirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certain performance thresholds to a
party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent headquartered in, Country Group D5, including China. On October 23, 2023, the USG
informed us the licensing requirements were effective immediately for shipments of our A100, A800, H100, H800, and L40S products.
Our competitive position has been harmed, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed in the long term, if
there are further changes in the USG’s export controls. Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions,
the USG has changed and may again change the export control rules at any time and further subject a wider range of our products to
export restrictions and licensing requirements, negatively impacting our business and financial results. In the event of such change, we
may be unable to sell our inventory of such products and may be unable to develop replacement products not subject to the licensing
requirements, effectively excluding us from all or part of the China market, as well as other impacted markets, including the Middle East.
While we work to enhance the resiliency and redundancy of our supply chain, which is currently concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region,
new and existing export controls or changes to existing export controls could limit alternative manufacturing locations and negatively
impact our business. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters” for a
discussion of this potential impact.
Compliance with laws, rules, and regulations has not otherwise had a material effect upon our capital expenditures, results of operations,
or competitive position and we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. Compliance
with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to IP ownership and infringement, taxes,
import and export requirements and tariffs, anti-corruption, business acquisitions, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation
restrictions, data privacy requirements, competition and antitrust, advertising, employment, product regulations, cybersecurity,
environmental, health and safety requirements, the responsible use of AI, climate change, cryptocurrency, and consumer laws, could
increase our costs, impact our competitive position, and otherwise may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations in subsequent periods. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for a discussion of these potential impacts.
Sustainability and Governance
NVIDIA invents computing technologies that improve lives and address global challenges. Our goal is to integrate sound environmental,
social, and corporate governance principles and practices into every aspect of the Company. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and discussing with management our practices related to
sustainability and corporate governance. We assess our programs annually in consideration of stakeholder expectations, market trends,
and business risks and opportunities. These issues are important for our continued business success and reflect the topics of highest
concern to NVIDIA and our stakeholders.
The following section and the Human Capital Management Section below provide an overview of our principles and practices. More
information can be found on our website and in our annual Sustainability Report. Information contained on our website or in our annual
Sustainability Report is not incorporated by reference into this or any other report we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or the SEC. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for a discussion of risks and uncertainties we face related to sustainability.
Climate Change
In the area of environmental sustainability, we address our climate impacts across our product lifecycle and assess risks, including
current and emerging regulations and market impacts.
In May 2023, we published metrics related to our environmental impact for fiscal year 2023. Fiscal year 2024 metrics are expected to be
published in the first half of fiscal year 2025. There has been no material impact to our capital expenditures, results of operations or
competitive position associated with global environmental sustainability regulations, compliance, or costs from sourcing renewable
energy. By the end of fiscal year 2025, our goal is to purchase
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 13/118


=== PAGE 14 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
10
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 14/118


=== PAGE 15 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
or generate enough renewable energy to match 100% of our global electricity usage for our offices and data centers. In fiscal year 2023,
we increased the percentage of our total electricity use matched by renewable energy purchases to 44%. By fiscal year 2026, we aim to
engage manufacturing suppliers comprising at least 67% of NVIDIA’s scope 3 category 1 GHG emissions with goal of effecting supplier
adoption of science-based targets.
Whether it is creation of technology to power next-generation laptops or designs to support high-performance supercomputers,
improving energy efficiency is important in our research, development, and design processes. GPU-accelerated computing is inherently
more energy efficient than traditional computing for many workloads because it is optimized for throughput, performance per watt, and
certain AI workloads. The energy efficiency of our products is evidenced by our continued strong presence on the Green500 list of the
most energy-efficient systems. We powered 24 of the top 30 most energy efficient systems, including the top supercomputer, on the
Green500 list.
We plan to build Earth-2, a digital twin of the Earth on NVIDIA AI and NVIDIA Omniverse platforms. Earth-2 will enable scientists,
companies, and policy makers to do ultra-high-resolution predictions of the impact of climate change and explore mitigation and
adaptation strategies.
Human Capital Management
We believe that our employees are our greatest assets, and they play a key role in creating long-term value for our stakeholders. As of
the end of fiscal year 2024, we had approximately 29,600 employees in 36 countries, 22,200 were engaged in research and
development and 7,400 were engaged in sales, marketing, operations, and administrative positions. The Compensation Committee of
our Board of Directors assists in the oversight of policies and strategies relating to human capital management.
To be competitive and execute our business strategy successfully, we must recruit, develop, and retain talented employees, including
qualified executives, scientists, engineers, and technical and non-technical staff.
Recruitment
As the demand for global technical talent continues to be competitive, we have grown our technical workforce and have been successful
in attracting top talent to NVIDIA. We have attracted talent globally through our strong employer brand and differentiated hiring strategies
for college, professional, and leadership talent. Our workforce is 83% technical and 49% hold advanced degrees. Additionally, we have
increased focus on diversity recruiting, resulting in an increase in global female hiring in each channel. Our own employees help to
surface top talent, with over 40% of our new hires in fiscal year 2024 coming from employee referrals.
Development and Retention
To support employee development, we provide opportunities to learn on-the-job through training courses, targeted development
programs, mentoring and peer coaching and ongoing feedback. We have a library of live and on-demand learning experiences that
include workshops, panel discussions, and speaker forums. We create learning paths focused on our most common development needs
and constantly upgrade our offerings to ensure that our employees are exposed to the most current content and technologies available.
We offer tuition reimbursement programs to subsidize educational programs and advanced certifications. We implemented a career
coaching service to provide one-on-one guidance to employees, and encourage internal job mobility. We have implemented specifically
designed mentoring and development programs for women and employees from traditionally underrepresented groups to ensure
widespread readiness for future advancement.
To evaluate employee sentiment and engagement, we use pulse surveys, a suggestion box, and an anonymous third-party platform.
Pulse surveys help us gain insight into employee experience and provides employee-generated ideas so that we can take targeted
action. The suggestion box is an always-on, interactive tool where employees share their thoughts about making our company a better
place to work. The anonymous third-party platform is designed to protect the identity of the reporter and provide a mechanism for
reporters to follow an investigation and receive responses.
We want NVIDIA to be a place where people can build their careers over their lifetime. Our employees tend to come and stay. In fiscal
year 2024, our overall turnover rate was 2.7%.
Compensation, Benefits, and Well-Being
Our compensation program rewards performance and is structured to encourage employees to invest in the Company’s future.
Employees receive equity, except where unavailable due to local regulations, that is tied to the value of our stock price and vests over
time to retain employees while simultaneously aligning their interests with those of our shareholders.
We offer comprehensive benefits to support our employees’ and their families’ physical health, well-being, and financial health. Programs
include 401(k) programs in the U.S., statutory and supplemental pension programs outside the U.S., our employee stock purchase
program, flexible work hours, and time off policies to address mental health, stress, and time-management challenges. We evaluate our
benefit offerings globally and aim to provide comparable support across the regions where we operate. We are committed to providing
tailored benefits based on the needs of our Community Resource Groups and continuing our support for parents, both new birth parents
and those who wish to become parents.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 15/118


=== PAGE 16 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
11
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 16/118


=== PAGE 17 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Our support is enhanced during times of crisis, such as war or economic volatility, to take care of our existing team of world-class talent
and their families.
Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging
We believe that diverse teams fuel innovation, and we are committed to creating an inclusive culture that supports all employees.
When recruiting for new talent or developing our current employees, we strive to build a diverse talent pipeline that includes those
underrepresented in the technology field, including women, Black/African American, and Hispanic/Latino candidates.
To this end, we have been:
• Partnering with institutions and professional organizations serving historically underrepresented communities;
• Embedding dedicated recruiting teams to business areas to shepherd underrepresented candidates through the interview
process and find internal opportunities;
• Supporting the development of women employees through programs aimed at building a pipeline of future leaders;
• Providing peer support and executive sponsors for our internal community resource groups;
• Providing training and education to managers and peers on fostering supportive environments and recruiting for diversity;
• Track equity and parity in retention, promotions, pay, and employee engagement scores; and
• Measuring year over year progress and providing leadership visibility on diversity efforts.
As of the end of fiscal year 2024, our global workforce was 79% male, 20% female, and 1% not declared, with 6% of our workforce in
the United States composed of Black or African American and Hispanic or Latino employees.
Flexible Working Environment
We support a flexible work environment, understanding that many employees want the ability to work from home under certain
conditions. This flexibility supports diverse hiring, retention, and employee engagement, which we believe makes NVIDIA a great place
to work.
During fiscal year 2025, we will continue to have a flexible work environment and maintain our company wide 2-days off a quarter for
employees to rest and recharge.
Information About Our Executive Officers
The following sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers, their ages, and positions as of February 16, 2024:
Name Age Position
Jen-Hsun Huang 60 President and Chief Executive Officer
Colette M. Kress 56 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Ajay K. Puri 69 Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations
Debora Shoquist 69 Executive Vice President, Operations
Timothy S. Teter 57 Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Jen-Hsun Huang co-founded NVIDIA in 1993 and has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer, and a member of the Board of
Directors since our inception. From 1985 to 1993, Mr. Huang was employed at LSI Logic Corporation, a computer chip manufacturer,
where he held a variety of positions including as Director of Coreware, the business unit responsible for LSI's SOC. From 1983 to 1985,
Mr. Huang was a microprocessor designer for AMD, a semiconductor company. Mr. Huang holds a B.S.E.E. degree from Oregon State
University and an M.S.E.E. degree from Stanford University.
Colette M. Kress joined NVIDIA in 2013 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to NVIDIA, Ms. Kress most
recently served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Business Technology and Operations Finance organization at
Cisco Systems, Inc., a networking equipment company, since 2010. At Cisco, Ms. Kress was responsible for financial strategy, planning,
reporting and business development for all business segments, engineering and operations. From 1997 to 2010 Ms. Kress held a variety
of positions at Microsoft, a software company, including, beginning in 2006, Chief Financial Officer of the Server and Tools division,
where Ms. Kress was responsible for financial
12
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 17/118


=== PAGE 18 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
strategy, planning, reporting and business development for the division. Prior to joining Microsoft, Ms. Kress spent eight years at Texas
Instruments Incorporated, a semiconductor company, where she held a variety of finance positions. Ms. Kress holds a B.S. degree in
Finance from University of Arizona and an M.B.A. degree from Southern Methodist University.
Ajay K. Puri joined NVIDIA in 2005 as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and became Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field
Operations in 2009. Prior to NVIDIA, he held positions in sales, marketing, and general management over a 22-year career at Sun
Microsystems, Inc., a computing systems company. Mr. Puri previously held marketing, management consulting, and product
development positions at Hewlett-Packard, an information technology company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., a management and
technology consulting company, and Texas Instruments Incorporated. Mr. Puri holds a B.S.E.E. degree from the University of Minnesota,
an M.S.E.E. degree from the California Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School.
Debora Shoquist joined NVIDIA in 2007 as Senior Vice President of Operations and in 2009 became Executive Vice President of
Operations. Prior to NVIDIA, Ms. Shoquist served from 2004 to 2007 as Executive Vice President of Operations at JDS Uniphase Corp.,
a provider of communications test and measurement solutions and optical products for the telecommunications industry. She served
from 2002 to 2004 as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Electro-Optics business at Coherent, Inc., a manufacturer of
commercial and scientific laser equipment. Previously, she worked at Quantum Corp., a data protection company, as President of the
Personal Computer Hard Disk Drive Division, and at Hewlett-Packard. Ms. Shoquist holds a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from
Kansas State University and a B.S. degree in Biology from Santa Clara University.
Timothy S. Teter joined NVIDIA in 2017 as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and became Executive Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary in February 2018. Prior to NVIDIA, Mr. Teter spent more than two decades at the law firm of
Cooley LLP, where he focused on litigating patent and technology related matters. Prior to attending law school, he worked as an
engineer at Lockheed Missiles and Space Company, an aerospace company. Mr. Teter holds a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering
from the University of California at Davis and a J.D. degree from Stanford Law School.
Available Information
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and, if applicable, amendments to those
reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act,
are available free of charge on or through our website, http://www.nvidia.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The SEC’s
website, http://www.sec.gov, contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC. Our web site and the information on it or connected to it are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
The following risk factors should be considered in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following
risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation, which could cause our stock price to decline.
Additional risks, trends and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our
business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation.
Risk Factors Summary
Risks Related to Our Industry and Markets
• Failure to meet the evolving needs of our industry may adversely impact our financial results.
• Competition could adversely impact our market share and financial results.
Risks Related to Demand, Supply and Manufacturing
• Failure to estimate customer demand accurately has led and could lead to mismatches between supply and demand.
• Dependency on third-party suppliers and their technology to manufacture, assemble, test, or package our products reduces our
control over product quantity and quality, manufacturing yields, and product delivery schedules and could harm our business.
• Defects in our products have caused and could cause us to incur significant expenses to remediate and could damage our
business.
Risks Related to Our Global Operating Business
• Adverse economic conditions may harm our business.
13
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 18/118


=== PAGE 19 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
• International sales and operations are a significant part of our business, which exposes us to risks that could harm our
business.
• Product, system security and data breaches and cyber-attacks could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our financial
condition, stock price and reputation.
• Business disruptions could harm our operations and financial results.
• Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.
• We may not be able to realize the potential benefits of business investments or acquisitions, nor successfully integrate
acquisition targets.
• A significant amount of our revenue stems from a limited number of partners and distributors and we have a concentration of
sales to end customers, and our revenue could be adversely affected if we lose or are prevented from selling to any of these
end customers.
• We may be unable to attract, retain and motivate our executives and key employees.
• Modification or interruption of our business processes and information systems may disrupt our business, and internal controls.
• Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the
expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline.
Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters
• We are subject to complex laws, rules and regulations, and political and other actions, which may adversely impact our
business.
• Increased scrutiny from shareholders, regulators, and others regarding our corporate sustainability practices could result in
financial, reputational, or operational harm and liability.
• Issues relating to the responsible use of our technologies, including AI, may result in reputational or financial harm and liability.
• Adequately protecting our IP rights could be costly, and our ability to compete could be harmed if we are unsuccessful or if we
are prohibited from making or selling our products.
• We are subject to stringent and changing data privacy and security laws, rules, regulations, and other obligations. These areas
could damage our reputation, deter customers, affect product design, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings and liability.
• Our operating results may be adversely impacted by additional tax liabilities, higher than expected tax rates, changes in tax
laws, and other tax-related factors.
• Our business is exposed to the risks associated with litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings.
• Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial position and cash flows from operations and prevent us from
implementing our strategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations.
• Delaware law, provisions in our governing documents and our agreement with Microsoft could delay or prevent a change in
control.
Risk Factors
Risks Related to Our Industry and Markets
Failure to meet the evolving needs of our industry and markets may adversely impact our financial results.
Our accelerated computing platforms experience rapid changes in technology, customer requirements, competitive products, and
industry standards.
Our success depends on our ability to:
• timely identify industry changes, adapt our strategies, and develop new or enhance and maintain existing products and
technologies that meet the evolving needs of these markets, including due to unexpected changes in industry standards or
disruptive technological innovation that could render our products incompatible with products developed by other companies;
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 19/118


=== PAGE 20 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
14
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 20/118


=== PAGE 21 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
• develop or acquire new products and technologies through investments in research and development;
• launch new offerings with new business models including software, services, and cloud solutions, as well as software-,
infrastructure-, or platform-as-a-service solutions;
• expand the ecosystem for our products and technologies;
• meet evolving and prevailing customer and industry safety, security, reliability expectations, and compliance standards;
• manage product and software lifecycles to maintain customer and end-user satisfaction;
• develop, acquire, maintain, and secure access to the internal and external infrastructure needed to scale our business,
including sufficient energy for powering data centers using our products, acquisition integrations, customer support, e-
commerce, IP licensing capabilities and cloud service capacity; and
• complete technical, financial, operational, compliance, sales and marketing investments for the above activities.
We have invested in research and development in markets where we have a limited operating history, which may not produce
meaningful revenue for several years, if at all. If we fail to develop or monetize new products and technologies, or if they do not become
widely adopted, our financial results could be adversely affected. Obtaining design wins may involve a lengthy process and depends on
our ability to anticipate and provide features and functionality that customers will demand. They also do not guarantee revenue. Failure
to obtain a design win may prevent us from obtaining future design wins in subsequent generations. We cannot ensure that the products
and technologies we bring to market will provide value to our customers and partners. If we fail any of these key success criteria, our
financial results may be harmed.
We have begun offering enterprise customers NVIDIA DGX Cloud services directly and through our network of partners, which include
cloud-based infrastructure, software and services for training and deploying AI models, and NVIDIA AI Foundations for customizable
pretrained AI models. We have partnered with CSPs to host such software and services in their data centers, and we entered and may
continue to enter into multi-year cloud service agreements to support these offerings and our research and development activities. The
timing and availability of these cloud services has changed and may continue to change, impacting our revenue, expenses, and
development timelines. NVIDIA DGX Cloud services may not be successful and will take time, resources, and investment. We also offer
or plan to offer standalone software solutions, including NVIDIA AI Enterprise, NVIDIA Omniverse, NVIDIA DRIVE, and several other
software solutions. These new business models or strategies may not be successful, and we may fail to sell any meaningful standalone
software or services. We may incur significant costs and may not achieve any significant revenue from these offerings.
Competition could adversely impact our market share and financial results.
Our target markets remain competitive, and competition may intensify with expanding and changing product and service offerings,
industry standards, customer needs, new entrants and consolidations. Our competitors’ products, services and technologies, including
those mentioned above in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may be cheaper or provide better functionality or features than ours, which
has resulted and may in the future result in lower-than-expected selling prices for our products. Some of our competitors operate their
own fabrication facilities, and have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, more comprehensive IP portfolios and patent
protections, more design wins, and greater financial, sales, marketing and distribution resources than we do. These competitors may be
able to acquire market share and/or prevent us from doing so, more effectively identify and capitalize upon opportunities in new markets
and end-user trends, more quickly transition their products, and impinge on our ability to procure sufficient foundry capacity and scarce
input materials during a supply-constrained environment, which could harm our business. Some of our customers have in-house
expertise and internal development capabilities similar to some of ours and can use or develop their own solutions to replace those we
are providing. For example, others may offer cloud-based services that compete with our AI cloud service offerings, and we may not be
able to establish market share sufficient to achieve the scale necessary to meet our business objectives. If we are unable to successfully
compete in this environment, demand for our products, services and technologies could decrease and we may not establish meaningful
revenue.
Risks Related to Demand, Supply and Manufacturing
Failure to estimate customer demand accurately has led and could lead to mismatches between supply and demand.
We use third parties to manufacture and assemble our products, and we have long manufacturing lead times. We are not provided
guaranteed wafer, component and capacity supply, and our supply deliveries and production may be non-linear within a quarter or year.
If our estimates of customer demand are inaccurate, as we have experienced in the past, there could be a significant mismatch between
supply and demand. This mismatch has resulted in both product shortages and excess inventory, has varied across our market
platforms, and has significantly harmed our financial results.
We build finished products and maintain inventory in advance of anticipated demand. While we have in the past entered and may in the
future enter into long-term supply and capacity commitments, we may not be able to secure sufficient
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 21/118


=== PAGE 22 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
15
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 22/118


=== PAGE 23 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
commitments for capacity to address our business needs, or our long-term demand expectations may change. These risks may increase
as we shorten our product development cycles, enter new lines of business, or integrate new suppliers or components into our supply
chain, creating additional supply chain complexity. Additionally, our ability to sell certain products has been and could be impeded if
components necessary for the finished products are not available from third parties. This risk may increase as a result of our platform
strategy. In periods of shortages impacting the semiconductor industry and/or limited supply or capacity in our supply chain, the lead
times on our orders may be extended. We have previously experienced and may continue to experience extended lead times of more
than 12 months. We have paid premiums and provided deposits to secure future supply and capacity, which have increased our product
costs and may continue to do so. If our existing suppliers are unable to scale their capabilities to meet our supply needs, we may require
additional sources of capacity, which may require additional deposits. We may not have the ability to reduce our supply commitments at
the same rate or at all if our revenue declines.
Many additional factors have caused and/or could in the future cause us to either underestimate or overestimate our customers’ future
demand for our products, or otherwise cause a mismatch between supply and demand for our products and impact the timing and
volume of our revenue, including:
• changes in product development cycles and time to market;
• competing technologies and competitor product releases and announcements;
• changes in business and economic conditions resulting in decreased end demand;
• sudden or sustained government lockdowns or actions to control case spread of global or local health issues;
• rapidly changing technology or customer requirements;
• the availability of sufficient data center capacity and energy for customers to procure;
• new product introductions and transitions resulting in less demand for existing products;
• new or unexpected end-use cases;
• increase in demand for competitive products, including competitive actions;
• business decisions made by third parties;
• the demand for accelerated or AI-related cloud services, including our own software and NVIDIA DGX Cloud services;
• changes that impact the ecosystem for the architectures underlying our products and technologies;
• the demand for our products; or
• government actions or changes in governmental policies, such as export controls or increased restrictions on gaming usage.
Demand for our data center systems and products surged in fiscal year 2024. Entering fiscal year 2025, we are gathering customer
demand indications across several product transitions. We have demand visibility for our new data center products ramping later in fiscal
year 2025. We have increased our supply and capacity purchases with existing suppliers, added new vendors and entered into prepaid
manufacturing and capacity agreements. These increased purchase volumes, the number of suppliers, and the integration of new
vendors into our supply chain may create more complexity and execution risk. We may continue to enter into new supplier and capacity
arrangements. Our purchase commitments and obligations for inventory and manufacturing capacity at the end of fiscal year 2024 were
impacted by shortening lead times for certain components. Supply of Hopper architecture products is improving, and demand remains
very strong. We expect our next-generation products to be supply-constrained based upon demand indications. We may incur inventory
provisions or impairments if our inventory or supply or capacity commitments exceed demand for our products or demand declines.
Our customer orders and longer-term demand estimates may change or may not be correct, as we have experienced in the past.
Product transitions are complex and can impact our revenue as we often ship both new and prior architecture products simultaneously
and we and our channel partners prepare to ship and support new products. Due to our product introduction cycles, we are almost
always in various stages of transitioning the architecture of our Data Center, Professional Visualization, and Gaming products. We will
have a broader and faster Data Center product launch cadence to meet a growing and diverse set of AI opportunities. The increased
frequency of these transitions may magnify the challenges associated with managing our supply and demand due to long manufacturing
lead times. Qualification time for new products, customers anticipating product transitions and channel partners reducing channel
inventory of prior architectures ahead of new product introductions can create reductions or volatility in our revenue. We have
experienced and may in the future experience reduced demand for current generation architectures when customers anticipate
16
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 23/118


=== PAGE 24 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 24/118


=== PAGE 25 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
transitions, and we may be unable to sell multiple product architectures at the same time for current and future architecture transitions. If
we are unable to execute our architectural transitions as planned for any reason, our financial results may be negatively impacted. The
increasing frequency and complexity of newly introduced products may result in unanticipated quality or production issues that could
increase the magnitude of inventory provisions, warranty or other costs or result in product delays. Deployment of new products to
customers creates additional challenges due to the complexity of our technologies, which has impacted and may in the future impact the
timing of customer purchases or otherwise impact our demand. While we have managed prior product transitions and have previously
sold multiple product architectures at the same time, these transitions are difficult, may impair our ability to predict demand and impact
our supply mix, and we may incur additional costs.
Many end customers often do not purchase directly from us but instead purchase indirectly through multiple OEMs, ODMs, system
integrators, distributors, and other channel partners. As a result, the decisions made by our multiple OEMs, ODMs, system integrators,
distributors, and other channel partners, and in response to changing market conditions and changes in end-user demand for our
products, have impacted and could in the future continue to impact our ability to properly forecast demand, particularly as they are based
on estimates provided by various downstream parties.
If we underestimate our customers' future demand for our products, our foundry partners may not have adequate lead-time or capacity
to increase production and we may not be able to obtain sufficient inventory to fill orders on a timely basis. Even if we are able to
increase supply to meet customer demand, we may not be able to do so in a timely manner, or our contract manufacturers may
experience supply constraints. If we cannot procure sufficient supply to meet demand or otherwise fail to fulfill our customers’ orders on
a timely basis, or at all, our customer relationships could be damaged, we could lose revenue and market share and our reputation could
be harmed. Additionally, since some of our products are part of a complex data center buildout, supply constraints or availability issues
with respect to any one component have had and may have a broader revenue impact.
If we overestimate our customers’ future demand for our products, or if customers cancel or defer orders or choose to purchase from our
competitors, we may not be able to reduce our inventory or other contractual purchase commitments. In the past, we have experienced
a reduction in average selling prices, including due to channel pricing programs that we have implemented and may continue to
implement, as a result of our overestimation of future demand, and we may need to continue these reductions. We have had to increase
prices for certain of our products as a result of our suppliers’ increase in prices, and we may need to continue to do so for other products
in the future. We have also written down our inventory, incurred cancellation penalties, and recorded impairments and may have to do so
in the future. These impacts were amplified by our placement of non-cancellable and non-returnable purchasing terms well in advance of
our historical lead times and could be exacerbated if we need to make changes to the design of future products. The risk of these
impacts has increased and may continue to increase as our purchase obligations and prepaids have grown and are expected to
continue to grow and become a greater portion of our total supply. All of these factors may negatively impact our gross margins and
financial results.
We build technology and introduce products for new and innovative use cases and applications, such as NVIDIA DGX Cloud services,
NVIDIA AI Foundations, Omniverse platform, LLMs, and generative AI models. Our demand estimates for new use cases, applications,
and services can be incorrect and create volatility in our revenue or supply levels, and we may not be able to generate significant
revenue from these use cases, applications, and services. Recent technologies, such as generative AI models, have emerged, and while
they have driven increased demand for Data Center, the long-term trajectory is unknown. Because our products may be used in multiple
use cases and applications, it is difficult for us to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the impact of generative AI models on
our reported revenue or forecasted demand. Additionally, we started shipping our CPU product offerings, the Grace CPU and Grace
Hopper Superchips, in the third quarter of fiscal year 2024. Our ability to adequately predict our CPU demand may create volatility in our
revenue or supply levels.
Challenges in estimating demand could become more pronounced or volatile in the future on both a global and regional basis. Extended
lead times may occur if we experience other supply constraints caused by natural disasters, pandemics or other events. In addition,
geopolitical tensions, such as those involving Taiwan and China, which comprise a significant portion of our revenue and where we have
suppliers, contract manufacturers, and assembly partners who are critical to our supply continuity, could have a material adverse impact
on us.
The use of our GPUs other than that for which they were designed and marketed, including new and unexpected use cases, has
impacted and can in the future impact demand for our products, including by leading to inconsistent spikes and drops in demand. For
example, several years ago, our Gaming GPUs began to be used for mining digital currencies, such as Ethereum. It is difficult for us to
estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the past or current impact of cryptocurrency mining, or forecast the future impact of
cryptocurrency mining, on demand for our products. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including new compute technologies, price
changes in cryptocurrencies, government cryptocurrency policies and regulations, new cryptocurrency standards and changes in the
method of verifying blockchain transactions, has impacted and can in the future impact cryptocurrency mining and demand for our
products and can further impact our ability to estimate demand for our products. Changes to cryptocurrency standards and processes
including, but not limited to, the Ethereum 2.0 merge in 2022, have reduced and may in the future decrease the usage of GPUs for
Ethereum mining. This has created and may in the future create increased aftermarket sales of our
17
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 25/118


=== PAGE 26 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 26/118


=== PAGE 27 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
GPUs, which could negatively impact retail prices for our GPUs and reduce demand for our new GPUs. In general, our new products or
previously sold products may be resold online or on the unauthorized “gray market,” which also makes demand forecasting difficult. Gray
market products and reseller marketplaces compete with our new products and distribution channels.
Additionally, we depend on developers, customers and other third parties to build, enhance, and maintain accelerated computing
applications that leverage our platforms. We also rely on third-party content providers and publishers to make their content available on
our platforms, such as GeForce NOW. Failure by developers, customers, and other third parties to build, enhance, and maintain
applications that leverage our platforms, or failure by third-party content providers or publishers to make their content available on
reasonable terms or at all for use by our customers or end users on our platforms, could adversely affect customer demand.
Dependency on third-party suppliers and their technology to manufacture, assemble, test, or package our products reduces
our control over product quantity and quality, manufacturing yields, and product delivery schedules and could harm our
business.
We depend on foundries to manufacture our semiconductor wafers using their fabrication equipment and techniques. We do not
assemble, test, or package our products, but instead contract with independent subcontractors. These subcontractors assist with
procuring components used in our systems, boards, and products. We face several risks which have adversely affected or could
adversely affect our ability to meet customer demand and scale our supply chain, negatively impact longer-term demand for our products
and services, and adversely affect our business operations, gross margin, revenue and/or financial results, including:
• lack of guaranteed supply of wafer, component and capacity or decommitment and potential higher wafer and component
prices, from incorrectly estimating demand and failing to place orders with our suppliers with sufficient quantities or in a timely
manner;
• failure by our foundries or contract manufacturers to procure raw materials or provide adequate levels of manufacturing or test
capacity for our products;
• failure by our foundries to develop, obtain or successfully implement high quality process technologies, including transitions to
smaller geometry process technologies such as advanced process node technologies and memory designs needed to
manufacture our products;
• failure by our suppliers to comply with our policies and expectations and emerging regulatory requirements;
• limited number and geographic concentration of global suppliers, foundries, contract manufacturers, assembly and test
providers and memory manufacturers;
• loss of a supplier and additional expense and/or production delays as a result of qualifying a new foundry or subcontractor and
commencing volume production or testing in the event of a loss, addition or change of a supplier;
• lack of direct control over product quantity, quality and delivery schedules;
• suppliers or their suppliers failing to supply high quality products and/or making changes to their products without our
qualification;
• delays in product shipments, shortages, a decrease in product quality and/or higher expenses in the event our subcontractors
or foundries prioritize our competitors’ or other customers’ orders over ours;
• requirements to place orders that are not cancellable upon changes in demand or requirements to prepay for supply in
advance;
• low manufacturing yields resulting from a failure in our product design or a foundry’s proprietary process technology; and
• disruptions in manufacturing, assembly and other processes due to closures related to heat waves, earthquakes, fires, or other
natural disasters and electricity conservation efforts.
Defects in our products have caused and could cause us to incur significant expenses to remediate, which can damage our
reputation and cause us to lose market share.
Our hardware and software product and service offerings are complex. They have in the past and may in the future contain defects or
security vulnerabilities or experience failures or unsatisfactory performance due to any number of issues in design, fabrication,
packaging, materials, bugs and/or use within a system. These risks may increase as our products are introduced into new devices,
markets, technologies and applications or as new versions are released. These risks further increase when we rely on partners to supply
and manufacture components that are used in our products, as these arrangements reduce our direct control over production. AI
software products we or our partners offer rely on
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 27/118


=== PAGE 28 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
18
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 28/118


=== PAGE 29 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
training data that may originate from third parties and new training methods, and the resulting products may contain unknown or
undetected defects and errors, or reflect unintended bias. Although arrangements with component providers may contain provisions for
product defect expense reimbursement, we generally remain responsible to the customer for warranty product defects that may occur
from time to time. Some failures in our products or services have been in the past and may in the future be only discovered after a
product or service has been shipped or used. Undiscovered vulnerabilities in our products or services could result in loss of data or
intangible property, or expose our customers to unscrupulous third parties who develop and deploy malicious software programs that
could attack our products or services. Defects or failure of our offerings to perform to specifications could lead to substantial damage to
the products in which our offerings have been integrated by OEMs, ODMs, AIBs and automotive manufacturers and tier 1 automotive
suppliers, and to the user of such end product. Any such defect may cause us to incur significant warranty, support and repair or
replacement costs as part of a product recall or otherwise, write-off the value of related inventory, and divert the attention of our
engineering and management personnel from our product development efforts to find and correct the issue. Our efforts to remedy these
issues may not be timely or satisfactory to our customers. An error or defect in new products, releases or related software drivers after
commencement of commercial shipments could result in failure to achieve market acceptance, loss of design wins, temporary or
permanent withdrawal from a product or market and harm to our relationships with existing and prospective customers and partners and
consumers’ perceptions of our brand, which would in turn negatively impact our business operations, gross margin, revenue and/or
financial results. We may be required to reimburse our customers, partners or consumers, including for costs to repair or replace
products in the field or in connection with indemnification obligations, or pay fines imposed by regulatory agencies.
For example, in fiscal year 2023, a defect was identified in a third-party component embedded in certain Data Center products. This
defect has had, and other defects may in the future have, an adverse effect on our cost and supply of components and finished goods.
These costs could be significant in future periods. We recorded a net warranty liability during fiscal year 2023 primarily in connection with
this defect. While we believe we have accurately recorded for warranty obligations, we may need to record additional amounts in the
future if our estimate proves to be incorrect. In general, if a product liability claim regarding any of our products is brought against us,
even if the alleged damage is due to the actions or inactions of a third party, such as within our supply chain, the cost of defending the
claim could be significant and would divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel and harm our business. Further, our
business liability insurance may be inadequate or future coverage may be unavailable on acceptable terms, which could adversely
impact our financial results.
Risks Related to Our Global Operating Business
Adverse economic conditions may harm our business.
Economic and industry uncertainty or changes, including recession or slowing growth, inflation, changes or uncertainty in fiscal,
monetary or trade policy, disruptions to capital markets and the banking system, currency fluctuations, higher interest rates, tighter
credit, lower capital expenditures by businesses, including on IT infrastructure, increases in unemployment, labor shortages, and lower
consumer confidence and spending, global supply chain constraints and global economic and geopolitical developments have in the
past and/or could in the future have adverse, wide-ranging effects on our business and financial results, including:
• increased costs for wafers, components, logistics, and other supply chain expenses, which have negatively impacted our gross
margin in the past and may do so in the future;
• increased supply, employee, facilities and infrastructure costs and volatility in the financial markets, which have reduced and
may in the future reduce our margins;
• decrease in demand for our products, services and technologies and those of our customers, partners or licensees;
• the inability of our suppliers to deliver on their supply commitments to us and our customers’ or our licensees’ inability to supply
products to customers and/or end users;
• limits on our ability to forecast operating results and make business decisions;
• the insolvency of key suppliers, distributors, customers, cloud service providers, data center providers, licensing parties or other
third parties we rely on;
• reduced profitability of customers, which may cause them to scale back operations, exit businesses, file for bankruptcy
protection and potentially cease operations, or lead to mergers, consolidations or strategic alliances among other companies,
which could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively; and
• increased credit and collectability risks, higher borrowing costs or reduced availability of capital markets, reduced liquidity,
adverse impacts on our customers and suppliers, failures of counterparties, including financial institutions and insurers, asset
impairments, and declines in the value of our financial instruments.
19
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 29/118


=== PAGE 30 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 30/118


=== PAGE 31 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Adverse developments affecting financial institutions, such as bank failures or instability, or concerns or speculation about similar events
or risks, could lead to market-wide liquidity problems and other disruptions, which could impact our customers’ ability to fulfill their
payment obligations to us, our vendors’ ability to fulfill their contractual obligations to us, or our ability to fulfill our own obligations.
Additionally, we maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. These investments are subject to general
credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by market downturns or events that affect global financial
markets, as described above. A majority of our investment portfolio comprises USG securities. A decline in global financial markets for
long periods or a downgrade of the USG credit rating due to an actual or threatened default on government debt could result in higher
interest rates, a decline in the value of the U.S. dollar, reduced market liquidity or other adverse conditions. These factors could cause
an unrealized or realized loss position in our investments or require us to record impairment charges.
International sales and operations are a significant part of our business, which exposes us to risks that could harm our
business.
We sell our products internationally, and we also have operations and conduct business internationally. Our semiconductor wafers are
manufactured, assembled, tested and packaged by third parties located outside of the United States, and we generated 56% of our
revenue in fiscal year 2024 from sales outside of the United States. Our sales to China decreased as a percentage of total Data Center
revenue from 19% in fiscal year 2023 to 14% in fiscal year 2024. Although we have not received licenses from the USG to ship restricted
products to China, we have started to ship alternatives to the China market in small volumes. China represented a mid-single digit
percentage of our Data Center revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 due to USG licensing requirements and we expect China
to be in a similar range in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025. The global nature of our business subjects us to a number of risks and
uncertainties, which have had in the past and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. These include domestic and international economic and political conditions in countries in which we and our
suppliers and manufacturers do business, government lockdowns to control case spread of global or local health issues, differing legal
standards with respect to protection of IP and employment practices, different domestic and international business and cultural practices,
disruptions to capital markets, counter-inflation policies, currency fluctuations, natural disasters, acts of war or other military actions,
terrorism, public health issues and other catastrophic events.
Product, system security, and data protection breaches, as well as cyber-attacks, could disrupt our operations, reduce our
expected revenue, increase our expenses, and significantly harm our business and reputation.
Security breaches, computer malware, social-engineering attacks, denial-of-service attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions,
software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, and other cyber-attacks are becoming increasingly
sophisticated, making it more difficult to successfully detect, defend against them or implement adequate preventative measures.
Cyber-attacks, including ransomware attacks by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, may
become more prevalent and severe. Our ability to recover from ransomware attacks may be limited if our backups have been affected by
the attack, or if restoring from backups is delayed or not feasible.
Individuals, groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including nation-states and nation-state-supported actors, and other
threat actors have engaged and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks. Additionally, some actors are using AI technology
to launch more automated, targeted and coordinated attacks. Due to geopolitical conflicts and during times of war or other major
conflicts, we and the third parties we rely upon may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of cyber-attacks that could materially disrupt our
ability to provide services and products. We may also face cybersecurity threats due to error or intentional misconduct by employees,
contractors or other third-party service providers. Certain aspects of effective cybersecurity are dependent upon our employees,
contractors and/or other third-party service providers safeguarding our sensitive information and adhering to our security policies and
access control mechanisms. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, security incidents arising from a failure
to properly handle sensitive information or adhere to our security policies and access control mechanisms and, although no such events
have had a material adverse effect on our business, there can be no assurance that an insider threat will not result in an incident that is
material to us. Furthermore, we rely on products and services provided by third-party suppliers to operate certain critical business
systems, including without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, employee email and other
functions, which exposes us to supply-chain attacks or other business disruptions. We cannot guarantee that third parties and
infrastructure in our supply chain or our partners’ supply chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable
vulnerabilities, defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems, including our products
and services, or the third-party information technology systems that support our services. We may also incorporate third-party data into
our AI algorithms or use open-source datasets to train our algorithms. These datasets may be flawed, insufficient, or contain certain
biased information, and may otherwise be vulnerable to security incidents. We may have limited insight into the data privacy or security
practices of third-party suppliers, including for our AI algorithms. Our ability to monitor these third parties’ information security practices is
limited, and they may not have adequate information security measures in place. In addition, if one of our third-party suppliers suffers a
security incident (which has happened in the
20
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 31/118


=== PAGE 32 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
past and may happen in the future), our response may be limited or more difficult because we may not have direct access to their
systems, logs and other information related to the security incident. Additionally, we are incorporated into the supply chain of a large
number of entities worldwide and, as a result, if our products or services are compromised, a significant number of our customers and
their data could be affected, which could result in potential liability and harm our business.
To defend against security incidents, we must continuously engineer more secure products and enhance security and reliability features,
which is expected to result in increased expenses. We must also continue to develop our security measures, including training programs
and security awareness initiatives, designed to ensure our suppliers have appropriate security measures in place, and continue to meet
the evolving security requirements of our customers, applicable industry standards, and government regulations. While we invest in
training programs and security awareness initiatives and take steps to detect and remediate certain vulnerabilities that we have
identified, we may not always be able to prevent threats or detect and mitigate all vulnerabilities in our security controls, systems or
software, including third-party software we have installed, as such threats and techniques change frequently and may not be detected
until after a security incident has occurred. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed
to address identified vulnerabilities. These vulnerabilities could result in reputational and financial harm, and if exploited, these
vulnerabilities could result in a security incident.
We hold confidential, sensitive, personal and proprietary information, including information from partners and customers. Breaches of
our security measures, along with reported or perceived vulnerabilities or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or
sensitive or confidential data about us or third parties, could expose us and the parties affected to a risk of loss, or misuse of this
information, potentially resulting in litigation and subsequent liability, regulatory inquiries or actions, damage to our brand and reputation
or other harm, including financial, to our business. For example, we hold proprietary game source code from third-party partners in our
GFN service. Breaches of our GFN security measures, which have happened in the past, could expose our partners to a risk of loss or
misuse of this source code, damage both us and our partners, and expose NVIDIA to potential litigation and liability. If we or a third party
we rely on experience a security incident, which has occurred in the past, or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we
may experience adverse consequences, including government enforcement actions, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight,
restrictions on processing data, litigation, indemnification obligations, reputational harm, diversion of funds, diversion of management
attention, financial loss, loss of data, material disruptions in our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and
distribute our goods and services, and other similar harms. Inability to fulfill orders, delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers as a
result of these disruptions could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation. Applicable data privacy and security
obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders, including affected individuals, customers, regulators and investors, of security
incidents, and mandatory disclosure of such incidents could lead to negative publicity. In addition to experiencing a security incident,
third parties may gather, collect or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers or other means that reveals
competitively sensitive details about our organization and could be used to harm our business.
Business disruptions could harm our operations, lead to a decline in revenue and increase our costs.
Our worldwide operations could be disrupted by natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, power or water shortages,
telecommunications failures, supplier disruptions, terrorist attacks, acts of violence, political and/or civil unrest, acts of war or other
military actions, epidemics or pandemics, abrupt regulatory deterioration, and other natural or man-made disasters and catastrophic
events. Our corporate headquarters, a large portion of our current data center capacity, and a portion of our research and development
activities are located in California, and other critical business operations, finished goods inventory and some of our suppliers are located
in Asia, making our operations vulnerable to natural disasters such as earthquakes, wildfires or other business disruptions occurring in
these geographical areas. Catastrophic events can also have an impact on third-party vendors who provide us critical infrastructure
services for IT and research and development systems and personnel. Our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not
be sufficient for all eventualities. Geopolitical and domestic political developments and other events beyond our control, can increase
economic volatility globally. Political instability, changes in government or adverse political developments in or around any of the major
countries in which we do business may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Worldwide geopolitical tensions
and conflicts, including but not limited to China, Hong Kong, Israel, Korea and Taiwan where the manufacture of our product components
and final assembly of our products are concentrated may result in changing regulatory requirements, and other disruptions that could
impact our operations and operating strategies, product demand, access to global markets, hiring, and profitability. For example, other
countries have restricted and may continue in the future to restrict business with the State of Israel, where we have engineering, sales
support operations and manufacturing, and companies with Israeli operations, including by economic boycotts. Our operations could be
harmed and our costs could increase if manufacturing, logistics or other operations are disrupted for any reason, including natural
disasters, high heat events or water shortages, power shortages, information technology system failures or cyber-attacks, military
actions or economic, business, labor, environmental, public health, or political issues. The ultimate impact on us, our third-party
foundries and other suppliers of being located and consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown. In the event a disaster, war or
catastrophic event affects us, the third-party systems on which we rely, or our customers, our business could be harmed as a result of
declines in revenue, increases in expenses, and substantial expenditures and time spent to fully resume operations. All of these risks
and conditions could materially adversely affect our future sales and operating results.
21
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 32/118


=== PAGE 33 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations, including the health and safety of our
approximately 3,700 employees in the region who primarily support the research and development, operations, and sales and marketing
of our networking products. Our operating expenses in fiscal year 2024 include expenses for financial support to impacted employees
and charitable activity. We believe our global supply chain for our networking products has not experienced any significant impact.
Further, in connection with the conflict, a substantial number of our employees in the region have been called-up for active military duty
in Israel. Accordingly, some of our employees in Israel have been absent for an extended period and they or others may continue to be
absent, which may cause disruption to our product development or operations. We did not experience any significant impact or expense
to our business; however, if the conflict is further extended, it could impact future product development, operations, and revenue or
create other uncertainty for our business.
Additionally, interruptions or delays in services from CSPs, data center co-location partners, and other third parties on which we rely,
including due to the events described above or other events such as the insolvency of these parties, could impair our ability to provide
our products and services and harm our business. As we increase our reliance on these third-party systems and services, our exposure
to damage from service interruptions, defects, disruptions, outages, shortages and other performance and quality problems may
increase. Data centers depend on access to clean water and predictable energy. Power or water shortages, or regulations that limit
energy or water availability, could impair the ability of our customers to expand their data center capacity and consume our products and
services.
Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.
Climate change may have an increasingly adverse impact on our business and on our customers, partners and vendors. Water and
energy availability and reliability in the regions where we conduct business is critical, and certain of our facilities may be vulnerable to
the impacts of extreme weather events. Extreme heat and wind coupled with dry conditions in Northern California may lead to power
safety shut offs due to wildfire risk, which can have adverse implications for our Santa Clara, California headquarter offices and data
centers, including impairing the ability of our employees to work effectively. Climate change, its impact on our supply chain and critical
infrastructure worldwide and its potential to increase political instability in regions where we, our customers, partners and our vendors do
business, may disrupt our business and cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and costs to maintain or resume operations.
Although we maintain insurance coverage for a variety of property, casualty, and other risks, the types and amounts of insurance we
obtain vary depending on availability and cost. Some of our policies have large deductibles and broad exclusions, and our insurance
providers may be unable or unwilling to pay a claim. Losses not covered by insurance may be large, which could harm our results of
operations and financial condition.
Our business and those of our suppliers and customers may also be subject to climate-related laws, regulations and lawsuits. New or
proposed regulations relating to carbon taxes, fuel or energy taxes, pollution limits, sustainability-related disclosure and governance and
supply chain governance could result in greater direct costs, including costs associated with changes to manufacturing processes or the
procurement of raw materials used in manufacturing processes, increased capital expenditures to improve facilities and equipment, and
higher compliance and energy costs to reduce emissions, other compliance costs, as well as greater indirect costs resulting from our
customers and/or suppliers incurring additional compliance costs that are passed on to us. These costs and restrictions could harm our
business and results of operations by increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter our operations and product design activities.
Stakeholder groups may find us insufficiently responsive to the implications of climate change, and therefore we may face legal action or
reputational harm. We may not achieve our stated sustainability-related goals, which could harm our reputation, or we may incur
additional, unexpected costs to achieve such goals. We may also experience contractual disputes due to supply chain delays arising
from climate change-related disruptions, which could result in increased litigation and costs.
We also face risks related to business trends that may be influenced by climate change concerns. Our business could be negatively
impacted by concerns around the high absolute energy requirements of our GPUs, despite their much more energy efficient design and
operation relative to alternative computing platforms.
We may not be able to realize the potential benefits of business investments or acquisitions, and we may not be able to
successfully integrate acquired companies, which could hurt our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell
our products.
We have acquired and invested and may continue to do so in businesses that offer products, services and technologies that we believe
will help expand or enhance our strategic objectives. Acquisitions or investments involve significant challenges and risks and could
impair our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products and ultimately could have a negative impact on our
financial results. If we pursue a particular transaction, we may limit our ability to enter into other transactions that could help us achieve
our other strategic objectives. If we are unable to timely complete acquisitions, including due to delays and challenges in obtaining
regulatory approvals, we may be unable to pursue other transactions, we may not be able to retain critical talent from the target
company, technology may evolve and make the acquisition less attractive, and other changes can take place, which could reduce the
anticipated benefits of the transaction and negatively impact our business. Regulators could also impose conditions that reduce the
ultimate value of our acquisitions. In addition, to the extent that our perceived ability to consummate acquisitions has been
22
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 33/118


=== PAGE 34 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 34/118


=== PAGE 35 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
harmed, future acquisitions may be more difficult, complex or expensive. Further, our investments in publicly traded companies could
create volatility in our results and may generate losses up to the value of the investment. In addition, we have invested and may
continue to invest in private companies to further our strategic objectives and to support certain key business initiatives. These
companies can include early-stage companies still defining their strategic direction. Many of the instruments in which we invest are non-
marketable and illiquid at the time of our initial investment, and we are not always able to achieve a return. To the extent any of the
companies in which we invest are not successful, we could recognize an impairment and/or lose all or part of our investment. Our
investment portfolio contains industry sector concentration risks, and a decline in any one or multiple industry sectors could increase our
impairment losses. We face additional risks related to acquisitions and strategic investments, including the diversion of capital and other
resources, including management’s attention; difficulty in realizing a satisfactory return and uncertainties to realize the benefits of an
acquisition or strategic investment, if at all; difficulty or inability in obtaining governmental, regulatory approval or restrictions or other
consents and approvals or financing; legal proceedings initiated as a result of an acquisition or investment; and potential failure of our
due diligence processes to identify significant issues with the assets or company in which we are investing or are acquiring.
Additional risks related to acquisitions include, but are not limited to:
• difficulty in integrating the technology, systems, products, policies, processes, or operations and integrating and retaining the
employees, including key personnel, of the acquired business;
• assumption of liabilities and incurring amortization expenses, impairment charges to goodwill or write-downs of acquired assets;
• integrating accounting, forecasting and controls, procedures and reporting cycles;
• coordinating and integrating operations, particularly in countries in which we do not currently operate;
• stock price impact, fines, fees or reputation harm if we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for an acquisition or are
otherwise unable to close an acquisition;
• potential issuances of debt to finance our acquisitions, resulting in increased debt, increased interest expense, and compliance
with debt covenants or other restrictions;
• the potential for our acquisitions to result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities;
• the potential variability of the amount and form of any performance-based consideration;
• negative changes in general economic conditions in the regions or the industries in which we or our target operate;
• exposure to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities; and
• impairment of relationships with, or loss of our or our target’s employees, vendors and customers.
For example, when integrating acquisition target systems into our own, we have experienced and may continue to experience
challenges including lengthy and costly systems integration, delays in purchasing and shipping products, difficulties with system
integration via electronic data interchange and other processes with our key suppliers and customers, and training and change
management needs of integration personnel. These challenges have impacted our results of operations and may continue to do so in
the future.
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of partners and distributors and we have a
concentration of sales to customers who purchase directly or indirectly from us, and our revenue could be adversely affected
if we lose or are prevented from selling to any of these customers.
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers within our distribution and partner network. Sales to
one customer, Customer A, represented 13% of total revenue for fiscal year 2024, which was attributable to the Compute & Networking
segment. With several of these channel partners, we are selling multiple products and systems in our portfolio through their channels.
Our operating results depend on sales within our partner network, as well as the ability of these partners to sell products that incorporate
our processors. In the future, these partners may decide to purchase fewer products, not to incorporate our products into their
ecosystem, or to alter their purchasing patterns in some other way. Because most of our sales are made on a purchase order basis, our
customers can generally cancel, change or delay product purchase commitments with little notice to us and without penalty. Our partners
or customers may develop their own solutions; our customers may purchase products from our competitors; and our partners may
discontinue sales or lose market share in the markets for which they purchase our products, all of which may alter partners’ or
customers’ purchasing patterns. Many of our customers often do not purchase directly from us but purchase through multiple OEMs,
ODMs, system integrators, distributors and other channel partners. One indirect customer which primarily purchases our products
through system integrators and distributors, including through Customer A, is estimated to have represented approximately 19% of total
revenue for fiscal year 2024, attributable to the
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 35/118


=== PAGE 36 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
23
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 36/118


=== PAGE 37 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Compute & Networking segment. If end demand increases or our finished goods supply availability is concentrated near a quarter end,
the system integrators, distributors and channel partners may have limited ability to increase their credit, which could impact the timing
and amount of our revenue. The loss of any of our large customers, a significant reduction in purchases by them, our inability to sell to a
customer due to U.S. or other countries’ trade restrictions or any difficulties in collecting accounts receivable would likely harm our
financial condition and results of operations.
If we are unable to attract, retain and motivate our executives and key employees, our business may be harmed.
To be competitive and execute our business strategy successfully, we must attract, retain and motivate our executives and key
employees and recruit and develop capable and diverse talent. Labor is subject to external factors that are beyond our control, including
our industry’s highly competitive market for skilled workers and leaders, cost inflation and workforce participation rates. Changes in
immigration and work permit regulations or in their administration or interpretation could impair our ability to attract and retain qualified
employees. Competition for personnel results in increased costs in the form of cash and stock-based compensation, and in times of
stock price volatility, as we have experienced in the past and may experience in the future, the retentive value of our stock-based
compensation may decrease. Additionally, we are highly dependent on the services of our longstanding executive team. Failure to
ensure effective succession planning, transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving executives and key employees could
hinder our strategic planning and execution and long-term success.
Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our business processes and information systems and modification
or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, and internal controls.
We rely upon internal processes and information systems to support key business functions, including our assessment of internal
controls over financial reporting as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The efficient operation and scalability of these
processes and systems is critical to support our growth. We continue to design and implement updated accounting functionality related
to a new enterprise resource planning, or ERP, system. Any ERP system implementation may introduce problems, such as quality issues
or programming errors, that could have an impact on our continued ability to successfully operate our business or to timely and
accurately report our financial results. These changes may be costly and disruptive to our operations and could impose substantial
demands on management time. Failure to implement new or updated controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could
harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations.
Identification of material weaknesses in our internal controls, even if quickly remediated once disclosed, may cause investors to lose
confidence in our financial statements and our stock price may decline. Remediation of any material weakness could require us to incur
significant expenses, and if we fail to remediate any material weakness, our financial statements may be inaccurate, we may be required
to restate our financial statements, our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis may be adversely affected,
our access to the capital markets may be restricted, our stock price may decline, and we may be subject to sanctions or investigation by
regulatory authorities.
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the
expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline.
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate due to numerous of these risk factors. Therefore,
investors should not rely on our past results of operations as an indication of our future performance. Additional factors that could affect
our results of operations include, but are not limited to:
• our ability to adjust spending due to the multi-year development cycle for some of our products and services;
• our ability to comply with our contractual obligations to customers;
• our extended payment term arrangements with certain customers, the inability of some customers to make required payments,
our ability to obtain credit insurance for customers with extended payment terms, and customer bad debt write-offs;
• our vendors' payment requirements;
• unanticipated costs associated with environmental liabilities; and
• changes in financial accounting standards or interpretations of existing standards.
Any of the factors discussed above could prevent us from achieving our anticipated financial results. For example, we have granted and
may continue to grant extended payment terms to some customers, particularly during macroeconomic downturns, which could impact
our ability to collect payment. Our vendors have requested and may continue to ask for shorter payment terms, which may impact our
cash flow generation. These arrangements reduce the cash we have available for general business operations. In addition, the pace of
growth in our operating expenses and investments may lag our revenue growth, creating volatility or periods where profitability levels
may not be sustainable. Failure to meet our expectations or the expectations of our investors or security analysts is likely to cause our
stock price to decline, as it has in the past, or experience substantial price volatility.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 37/118


=== PAGE 38 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
24
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 38/118


=== PAGE 39 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters
Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject, and political
and other actions may adversely impact our business.
We are subject to laws and regulations domestically and worldwide, affecting our operations in areas including, but not limited to, IP
ownership and infringement; taxes; import and export requirements and tariffs; anti-corruption, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act; business acquisitions; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; data privacy requirements; competition and
antitrust; advertising; employment; product regulations; cybersecurity; environmental, health, and safety requirements; the responsible
use of AI; sustainability; cryptocurrency; and consumer laws. Compliance with such requirements can be onerous and expensive, could
impact our competitive position, and may negatively impact our business operations and ability to manufacture and ship our products.
There can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers or agents will not violate applicable laws or the
policies, controls, and procedures that we have designed to help ensure compliance with such laws, and violations could result in fines,
criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and damage to our reputation.
Changes to the laws, rules and regulations to which we are subject, or changes to their interpretation and enforcement, could lead to
materially greater compliance and other costs and/or further restrictions on our ability to manufacture and supply our products and
operate our business. For example, we may face increased compliance costs as a result of changes or increases in antitrust legislation,
regulation, administrative rule making, increased focus from regulators on cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. Our position in markets
relating to AI has led to increased interest in our business from regulators worldwide, including the European Union, the United States,
the United Kingdom and China. For example, the French Competition Authority collected information from us regarding our business and
competition in the graphics card and cloud service provider market as part of an ongoing inquiry into competition in those markets. We
have also received requests for information from regulators in the European Union, the United Kingdom, and China regarding our sales
of GPUs, our efforts to allocate supply, foundation models and our investments, partnerships and other agreements with companies
developing foundation models, and we expect to receive additional requests for information in the future. Governments and regulators
are considering imposing restrictions on the hardware, software, and systems used to develop frontier foundation models and generative
AI. If implemented, such restrictions could increase the costs and burdens to us and our customers, delay or halt deployment of new
systems using our products, and reduce the number of new entrants and customers, negatively impacting our business and financial
results. Revisions to laws or regulations or their interpretation and enforcement could also result in increased taxation, trade sanctions,
the imposition of or increase to import duties or tariffs, restrictions and controls on imports or exports, or other retaliatory actions, which
could have an adverse effect on our business plans or impact the timing of our shipments. Additionally, changes in the public perception
of governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate could negatively impact our business and results of operations.
Government actions, including trade protection and national and economic security policies of U.S. and foreign government bodies, such
as tariffs, import or export regulations, including deemed export restrictions and restrictions on the activities of U.S. persons, trade and
economic sanctions, decrees, quotas or other trade barriers and restrictions could affect our ability to ship products, provide services to
our customers and employees, do business without an export license with entities on the U.S. Department of Commerce’s U.S. Entity
List or other USG restricted parties lists (which is expected to change from time to time), and generally fulfill our contractual obligations
and have a material adverse effect on our business. If we were ever found to have violated export control laws or sanctions of the U.S.
or similar applicable non-U.S. laws, even if the violation occurred without our knowledge, we may be subject to various penalties
available under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial
condition.
For example, in response to the war in Ukraine, the United States and other jurisdictions imposed economic sanctions and export control
measures which blocked the passage of our products, services and support into Russia, Belarus, and certain regions of Ukraine. In
fiscal year 2023, we stopped direct sales to Russia and closed business operations in Russia. Concurrently, the war in Ukraine has
impacted sales in EMEA and may continue to do so in the future.
The increasing focus on the risks and strategic importance of AI technologies has resulted in regulatory restrictions that target products
and services capable of enabling or facilitating AI and may in the future result in additional restrictions impacting some or all of our
product and service offerings.
Concerns regarding third-party use of AI for purposes contrary to local governmental interests, including concerns relating to the misuse
of AI applications, models, and solutions, has resulted in and could in the future result in unilateral or multilateral restrictions on products
that can be used for training, modifying, tuning, and deploying LLMs. Such restrictions have limited and could in the future limit the ability
of downstream customers and users worldwide to acquire, deploy and use systems that include our products, software, and services,
and negatively impact our business and financial results.
Such restrictions could include additional unilateral or multilateral export controls on certain products or technology, including but not
limited to AI technologies. As geopolitical tensions have increased, semiconductors associated with AI, including GPUs and associated
products, are increasingly the focus of export control restrictions proposed by stakeholders in the U.S. and its allies. The United States
has imposed unilateral controls restricting GPUs and associated
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 39/118


=== PAGE 40 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
25
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 40/118


=== PAGE 41 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
products, and it is likely that additional unilateral or multilateral controls will be adopted. Such controls have been and may again be very
broad in scope and application, prohibit us from exporting our products to any or all customers in one or more markets, including but not
limited to China, and could negatively impact our manufacturing, testing and warehousing locations and options, or could impose other
conditions that limit our ability to serve demand abroad and could negatively and materially impact our business, revenue and financial
results. Export controls targeting GPUs and semiconductors associated with AI, which have been imposed and are increasingly likely to
be further tightened, would further restrict our ability to export our technology, products, or services even though competitors may not be
subject to similar restrictions, creating a competitive disadvantage for us and negatively impacting our business and financial results.
Export controls targeting GPUs and semiconductors associated with AI have subjected and may in the future subject downstream users
of our products to additional restrictions on the use, resale, repair, or transfer of our products, negatively impacting our business and
financial results. Controls could negatively impact our cost and/or ability to provide services such as NVIDIA AI cloud services and could
impact the cost and/or ability for our cloud service providers and customers to provide services to their end customers, even outside
China.
Export controls could disrupt our supply chain and distribution channels, negatively impacting our ability to serve demand, including in
markets outside China and for our gaming products. The possibility of additional export controls has negatively impacted and may in the
future negatively impact demand for our products, benefiting competitors that offer alternatives less likely to be restricted by further
controls. Repeated changes in the export control rules are likely to impose compliance burdens on our business and our customers,
negatively and materially impacting our business.
Increasing use of economic sanctions and export controls has impacted and may in the future impact demand for our products or
services, negatively impacting our business and financial results. Reduced demand due to export controls could also lead to excess
inventory or cause us to incur related supply charges. Additional unilateral or multilateral controls are also likely to include deemed
export control limitations that negatively impact the ability of our research and development teams to execute our roadmap or other
objectives in a timely manner. Additional export restrictions may not only impact our ability to serve overseas markets, but also provoke
responses from foreign governments, including China, that negatively impact our supply chain or our ability to provide our products and
services to customers in all markets worldwide, which could also substantially reduce our revenue. Regulators in China have inquired
about our sales and efforts to supply the China market and our fulfillment of the commitments we entered at the close of our Mellanox
acquisition. If the regulators conclude that we have failed to fulfill such commitments or we have violated any applicable law in China, we
could be subject to various penalties or restrictions on our ability to conduct our business, any of which could have a material and
adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
During the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, the USG announced export restrictions and export licensing requirements targeting China’s
semiconductor and supercomputing industries. These restrictions impact exports of certain chips, as well as software, hardware,
equipment and technology used to develop, produce and manufacture certain chips to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and
Russia, and specifically impact our A100 and H100 integrated circuits, DGX or any other systems or boards which incorporate A100 or
H100 integrated circuits. The licensing requirements also apply to any future NVIDIA integrated circuit achieving certain peak
performance and chip-to-chip I/O performance thresholds, as well as any system or board that includes those circuits. There are also
now licensing requirements to export a wide array of products, including networking products, destined for certain end users and for
certain end uses in China. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2024, the USG also informed us of an additional licensing
requirement for a subset of A100 and H100 products destined to certain customers and other regions, including some countries in the
Middle East.
In October 2023, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements that became effective in our fourth quarter of fiscal year
2024 for exports to China and Country Groups D1, D4, and D5 (including but not limited to, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and
Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including A100, A800, H100, H800, L4, L40,
L40S and RTX 4090. The licensing requirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certain performance thresholds to a
party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent headquartered in, Country Group D5, including China. On October 23, 2023, the USG
informed us that the licensing requirements were effective immediately for shipments of our A100, A800, H100, H800, and L40S
products. We have not received licenses to ship these restricted products to China.
Following these export controls, we transitioned some operations, including certain testing, validation, and supply and distribution
operations out of China and Hong Kong. Any future transitions could be costly and time consuming, and adversely affect our research
and development and supply and distribution operations, as well as our revenue, during any such transition period. We are working to
expand our Data Center product portfolio to offer new solutions, including those for which the USG does not require a license or advance
notice before each shipment. To the extent that a customer requires products covered by the licensing requirements, we may seek a
license for the customer. However, the licensing process is time-consuming. We have no assurance that the USG will grant such a
license or that the USG will act on the license application in a timely manner or at all. Even if a license is offered, it may impose
burdensome conditions that we or our customer or end users cannot or decide not to accept. The USG is evaluating license requests in
a closed process that does not have clear standards or an opportunity for review. For example, the Notified Advanced Computing, or
“NAC,” process has not resulted in approvals for exports of products to customers in China. The license process for exports to D1 and
D4 countries has been time-consuming and resulted in license conditions for countries outside China. The requirements have a
disproportionate impact on NVIDIA and already have disadvantaged and may in the future
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 41/118


=== PAGE 42 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
26
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 42/118


=== PAGE 43 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
disadvantage NVIDIA against certain of our competitors who sell products that are not subject to the new restrictions or may be able to
acquire licenses for their products.
Management of these new licenses and other requirements is complicated and time consuming. Our competitive position has been
harmed, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed, over the long-term, if there are further changes in the
USG’s export controls, including further expansion of the geographic, customer, or product scope of the controls, if customers purchase
product from competitors, if customers develop their own internal solution, if we are unable to provide contractual warranty or other
extended service obligations, if the USG does not grant licenses in a timely manner or denies licenses to significant customers or if we
incur significant transition costs. Even if the USG grants any requested licenses, the licenses may be temporary or impose burdensome
conditions that we or our customers or end users cannot or choose not to fulfill. The licensing requirements may benefit certain of our
competitors, as the licensing process will make our pre-sale and post-sale technical support efforts more cumbersome and less certain
and encourage customers in China to pursue alternatives to our products, including semiconductor suppliers based in China, Europe,
and Israel.
Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions, the USG has changed and may again change the export
control rules at any time and further subject a wider range of our products to export restrictions and licensing requirements, negatively
impacting our business and financial results. In the event of such change, we may be unable to sell our inventory of such products and
may be unable to develop replacement products not subject to the licensing requirements, effectively excluding us from all or part of the
China market, as well as other impacted markets, including the Middle East. For example, the USG has already imposed conditions to
limit the ability of foreign firms to create and offer as a service large-scale GPU clusters, for example by imposing license conditions on
the use of products to be exported to certain countries, or by requiring chip tracking and throttling mechanisms that would disable or
impair GPUs if certain system or use conditions are detected. The USG has already imposed export controls restricting certain gaming
GPUs, and if the USG expands such controls to restrict additional gaming products, it may disrupt a significant portion of our supply and
distribution chain and negatively impact sales of such products to markets outside China, including the U.S. and Europe. Export controls
may disrupt our supply and distribution chain for a substantial portion of our products, which are warehoused in and distributed from
Hong Kong. Export controls restricting our ability to sell datacenter GPUs may also negatively impact demand for our networking
products used in servers containing our GPUs. The USG may also impose export controls on our networking products, such as high-
speed network interconnects, to limit the ability of downstream parties to create large clusters for frontier model training. Any new control
that impacts a wider range of our products would likely have a disproportionate impact on NVIDIA and may disadvantage us against
certain of our competitors that sell chips that are outside the scope of such control. Excessive or shifting export controls have already
and may in the future encourage customers outside China and other impacted regions to “design-out” certain U.S. semiconductors from
their products to reduce the compliance burden and risk, and to ensure that they are able to serve markets worldwide. Excessive or
shifting export controls have already encouraged and may in the future encourage overseas governments to request that our customers
purchase from our competitors rather than NVIDIA or other U.S. firms, harming our business, market position, and financial results. As a
result, excessive or shifting export controls may negatively impact demand for our products and services not only in China, but also in
other markets, such as Europe, Latin America, and Southeast Asia. Excessive or shifting export controls increase the risk of investing in
U.S. advanced semiconductor products, because by the time a new product is ready for market, it may be subject to new unilateral
export controls restricting its sale. At the same time, such controls may increase investment in foreign competitors, which would be less
likely to be restricted by U.S. controls.
Additionally, restrictions imposed by the Chinese government on the duration of gaming activities and access to games may adversely
affect our Gaming revenue, and increased oversight of digital platform companies may adversely affect our Data Center revenue. The
Chinese government may impose restrictions on the sale to certain customers of our products, or any products containing components
made by our partners and suppliers. For example, the Chinese government announced restrictions relating to certain sales of products
containing certain products made by Micron, a supplier of ours. Further restrictions on our products or the products of our suppliers
could negatively impact our business and financial results.
Finally, our business depends on our ability to receive consistent and reliable supply from our overseas partners, especially in Taiwan.
Any new restrictions that negatively impact our ability to receive supply of components, parts, or services from Taiwan, would negatively
impact our business and financial results.
Increased scrutiny from shareholders, regulators and others regarding our corporate sustainability practices could result in
additional costs or risks and adversely impact our reputation and willingness of customers and suppliers to do business with
us.
Shareholder advocacy groups, certain investment funds, other market participants, shareholders, customers and government regulators
have focused increasingly on corporate sustainability practices and disclosures, including those associated with climate change and
human rights. Stakeholders may not be satisfied with our corporate sustainability practices and goals or the speed of their adoption.
Further, there is an increasing number of state-level initiatives in the U.S. that may conflict with other regulatory requirements or our
various stakeholders’ expectations. Additionally, our corporate sustainability practices, oversight of our practices or disclosure controls
may not meet evolving shareholder,
27
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 43/118


=== PAGE 44 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 44/118


=== PAGE 45 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
regulator or other industry stakeholder expectations, or we may fail to meet corporate sustainability disclosure or reporting standards.
We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report, and comply with various corporate sustainability
practices, choose not to conduct business with potential customers, or discontinue or not expand business with existing customers due
to our policies. These factors may negatively harm our brand, reputation and business activities or expose us to liability.
Issues relating to the responsible use of our technologies, including AI in our offerings, may result in reputational or financial
harm and liability.
Concerns relating to the responsible use of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, in our products and services may result in
reputational or financial harm and liability and may cause us to incur costs to resolve such issues. We are increasingly building AI
capabilities and protections into many of our products and services, and we also offer stand-alone AI applications. AI poses emerging
legal, social, and ethical issues and presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. If we enable
or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society, such as AI solutions that have unintended
consequences, infringe copyright or rights of publicity, or are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment
or other social, economic or political issues, or if we are unable to develop effective internal policies and frameworks relating to the
responsible development and use of AI models and systems offered through our sales channels, we may experience brand or
reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Complying with multiple regulations from different jurisdictions related to AI could
increase our cost of doing business, may change the way that we operate in certain jurisdictions, or may impede our ability to offer
certain products and services in certain jurisdictions if we are unable to comply with regulations. Compliance with existing and proposed
government regulation of AI, including in jurisdictions such as the European Union as well as under any U.S. regulation adopted in
response to the Biden administration’s Executive Order on AI, may also increase the cost of related research and development, and
create additional reporting and/or transparency requirements. For example, regulation adopted in response to the Executive Order on AI
could require us to notify the USG of certain safety test results and other information. Furthermore, changes in AI-related regulation
could disproportionately impact and disadvantage us and require us to change our business practices, which may negatively impact our
financial results. Our failure to adequately address concerns and regulations relating to the responsible use of AI by us or others could
undermine public confidence in AI and slow adoption of AI in our products and services or cause reputational or financial harm.
Actions to adequately protect our IP rights could result in substantial costs to us and our ability to compete could be harmed if
we are unsuccessful or if we are prohibited from making or selling our products.
From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings alleging patent infringement or other IP rights violations by us,
our employees or parties that we have agreed to indemnify. An unfavorable ruling could include significant damages, invalidation of one
or more patents, indemnification of third parties, payment of lost profits, or injunctive relief. Claims that our products or processes
infringe the IP rights of others, regardless of their merit, could cause us to incur significant costs to respond to, defend, and resolve such
claims, and they may also divert the efforts and attention of management and technical personnel.
We may commence legal proceedings to protect our IP rights, which may increase our operating expenses. We could be subject to
countersuits as a result. If infringement claims are made against us or our products are found to infringe a third party’s IP, we or one of
our indemnitees may have to seek a license to the third party’s IP rights. If we or one of our indemnitees is unable to obtain such a
license on acceptable terms or at all, we could be subject to substantial liabilities or have to suspend or discontinue the manufacture and
sale of one or more of our products. We may also have to make royalty or other payments or cross license our technology. If these
arrangements are not concluded on commercially reasonable terms, our business could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, the
indemnification of a customer or other indemnitee may increase our operating expenses and negatively impact our operating results.
We rely on patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, licensing arrangements and the
laws of the countries in which we operate to protect our IP. Foreign laws may not protect our products or IP rights to the same extent as
United States law. This makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more likely. The theft or unauthorized use or
publication of our trade secrets and other confidential information could harm our competitive position and reduce acceptance of our
products; as a result, the value of our investment in research and development, product development and marketing could be reduced.
We also may face risks to our IP if our employees are hired by competitors. We continuously assess whether and where to seek formal
protection for existing and new innovations and technologies but cannot be certain whether our applications for such protections will be
approved, and, if approved, whether they will be enforceable.
We are subject to stringent and changing data privacy and security laws, rules, regulations and other obligations. These areas
could damage our reputation, deter current and potential customers, affect our product design, or result in legal or regulatory
proceedings and liability.
We process sensitive, confidential or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, industry
standards, external and internal policies, contracts and other obligations that govern the processing of such data by us and on our
behalf. Concerns about our practices or the ultimate use of our products and services with regard
28
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 45/118


=== PAGE 46 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
to the collection, use, retention, security or disclosure of personal information or other privacy-related matters, including for use in AI,
even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our operating results. The theft, loss or misuse of personal data in
our possession or by one of our partners could result in damage to our reputation, regulatory proceedings, disruption of our business
activities or increased security costs and costs related to defending legal claims.
In the United States, federal, state and local authorities have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including for data
breach notification, personal data privacy and consumer protection. In the past few years, numerous U.S. states have enacted
comprehensive privacy laws that impose certain obligations on covered businesses, including providing specific disclosures in privacy
notices and affording residents with certain rights concerning their personal data. As applicable, such rights may include the right to
access, correct, or delete certain personal data, and to opt-out of certain data processing activities, such as targeted advertising,
profiling and automated decision-making. The exercise of these rights may impact our business and ability to provide our products and
services. Certain states also impose stricter requirements for processing certain personal data, including sensitive information, such as
conducting data privacy impact assessments. These state laws allow for statutory fines for noncompliance. For example, the California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, or CPRA, or collectively the CCPA, gives
California residents the right to access, delete and opt-out of certain sharing of their personal information, and to receive detailed
information about how it is used and shared. The CCPA provides for fines of up to $7,500 per intentional violation and the law created a
private right of action for certain data breaches. Similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and
local levels. Additionally, several states and localities have enacted measures related to the use of artificial intelligence and machine
learning in products and services. If we become subject to additional data privacy laws, the risk of enforcement action against us could
increase.
Worldwide regulatory authorities are also considering and have approved various legislative proposals concerning data protection. The
European Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, and the United Kingdom similarly adopted the U.K. GDPR,
governing the strict handling of personal data of persons within the European Economic Area, or EEA, and the United Kingdom,
respectively, including its use and protection and the ability of persons whose data is stored to access, correct, and delete such data
about themselves. If we are found not to comply, we could be subject to penalties of up to €20 million or 4% of worldwide revenue,
whichever is greater, and classes of individuals or consumer protection organizations may initiate litigation related to our processing of
their personal data. Furthermore, the EU AI Act could impose onerous obligations that may disproportionately impact and disadvantage
us and require us to change our business practices.
In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer personal data from Europe, China, and other jurisdictions to the United States or
other countries. Certain jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal data transfer laws. For example, the
GDPR generally restricts the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the EEA. The European Commission released a set of
“Standard Contractual Clauses” designed for entities to validly transfer personal data out of the EEA to jurisdictions that the European
Commission has not found to provide an adequate level of protection, including the United States. Additionally, the U.K.’s International
Data Transfer Agreement / Addendum, as well as the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the U.K. extension thereto (which allows for
transfers to relevant U.S.-based organizations who self-certify compliance and participate in the Framework) are mechanisms that may
be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and U.K. to the United States. However, these mechanisms are subject to legal
challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United
States. Other jurisdictions have enacted or are considering similar cross-border personal data transfer laws and local personal data
residency laws, any of which would increase the cost and complexity of doing business and could result in fines from regulators. For
example, China’s law imposes various requirements relating to data processing and data localization. Data broadly defined as important
under China’s law, including personal data, may not be transferable outside of China without prior assessment and approval by the
Cyberspace Administration of China, or CAC. Compliance with these requirements, including CAC assessments and any deemed
failures of such assessments, could cause us to incur liability, prevent us from using data collected in China or impact our ability to
transfer data outside of China. The inability to import personal data to the United States could significantly and negatively impact our
business operations, limit our ability to collaborate with parties that are subject to European, China and other data privacy and security
laws, or require us to increase our personal data processing capabilities in Europe and/or elsewhere at significant expense. Some
European regulators have prevented companies from transferring personal data out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR’s cross-
border data transfer limitations, which could negatively impact our business.
We may also be bound by contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations
may not be successful or may be claimed to be non-compliant. For example, certain privacy laws, such as the GDPR and the CCPA,
require our customers to impose specific contractual restrictions on their service providers. We sometimes host personal data in
collaboration with our customers, and if a breach exposed or altered that personal data, it could harm those customer relationships and
subject us to litigation, regulatory action, or fines. We publish privacy policies, marketing materials and other statements, such as
compliance with certain certifications or self-regulatory principles, regarding data privacy and security. If these policies, materials or
statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject
to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators or other adverse consequences.
29
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 46/118


=== PAGE 47 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Data protection laws around the world are quickly changing and may be interpreted and applied in an increasingly stringent fashion and
in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. These obligations may affect our product design and necessitate changes to our
information technologies, systems and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. Despite our
efforts, we or third parties we rely upon may fail to comply with such obligations. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or
comply with data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant consequences, including but not limited to, government
enforcement actions, litigation, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, bans on processing personal data, and orders to
destroy or not use personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial
condition.
We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities and our operating results may be adversely impacted by changes in tax
laws, higher than expected tax rates and other tax-related factors.
We are subject to complex income tax laws and regulations, as well as non-income-based taxes, in various jurisdictions. Significant
judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We are regularly under audit by tax
authorities in different jurisdictions. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, any adverse outcome could increase our
worldwide effective tax rate, increase the amount of non-income taxes imposed on our business, and harm our financial position, results
of operations, net income, and cash flows.
Further, changes in tax laws or their interpretation by tax authorities in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions could increase our future tax
liability or cause other adverse tax impacts, which may materially impact our results of operations, or the way we conduct our business.
Most of our income is taxable in the United States, with a significant portion qualifying for preferential treatment as foreign-derived
intangible income, or FDII. If U.S. tax rates increase or the FDII deduction is reduced, our provision for income taxes, results of
operations, net income and cash flows would be adversely affected. In addition, changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could
arise as a result of global implementation of the Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting and Pillar Two Model Rules
announced by The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD. These and other changes in the foreign tax
laws, as adopted by countries, may increase tax uncertainty and adversely affect our provision for income taxes, results of operations,
and financial condition.
Our future effective tax rate may also be affected by a variety of factors, including changes in our business or statutory rates, the mix of
earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, available tax incentives, credits and deductions, the expiration of statutes of
limitations, changes in accounting principles, adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of tax returns, increases in expenses not
deductible for tax purposes, the estimates of our deferred tax assets and liabilities and deferred tax asset valuation allowances,
changing interpretation of existing laws or regulations, the impact of accounting for business combinations, as well as changes in the
domestic or international organization of our business and structure. Furthermore, the tax effects of accounting for stock-based
compensation and volatility in our stock price may significantly impact our effective tax rate in the period in which they occur. A decline in
our stock price may result in reduced future tax benefits from stock-based compensation, increase our effective tax rate and adversely
affect our financial results.
Our business is exposed to the risks associated with litigation, investigations and regulatory proceedings.
We currently and will likely continue to face legal, administrative and regulatory proceedings, claims, demands and/or investigations
involving shareholder, consumer, competition and/or other issues relating to our business. For example, we are defending a securities
class action lawsuit from multiple shareholders asserting claims that we and certain of our officers made false and/or misleading
statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand in 2017 and 2018. Litigation and
regulatory proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse rulings could occur, including monetary damages or fines, or an injunction
stopping us from manufacturing or selling certain products, engaging in certain business practices, or requiring other remedies, such as
compulsory licensing of patents. An unfavorable outcome or settlement may result in a material adverse impact. Regardless of the
outcome, litigation can be costly, time-consuming, and disruptive to our operations.
Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial position and cash flows from operations, and prevent us from
implementing our strategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations.
As of January 28, 2024, we had net outstanding a total of $9.7 billion in notes due by 2060. As each series of senior notes matures,
unless redeemed or repurchased, we must repay or refinance the notes. If we decide to refinance, we may receive less favorable terms,
or we may be unable to refinance at all, which may adversely affect our financial condition. We also have a $575 million commercial
paper program.
Maintenance of our current and future indebtedness and contractual restrictions could cause us to dedicate a substantial portion of our
cash flows from operations towards debt service obligations and principal repayments; increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in
general economic, industry and competitive conditions; limit our flexibility regarding changes in our business and our industry; impair our
ability to obtain future financing; and restrict our ability to grant liens on property, enter into certain mergers, dispose of our assets, or
materially change our business.
Our ability to comply with the covenants in our indenture may be affected by events beyond our control. If we breach any of the
covenants without a waiver from the note holders or lenders, then any outstanding indebtedness may be declared
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 47/118


=== PAGE 48 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
30
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 48/118


=== PAGE 49 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
immediately due and payable. Changes to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of our securities, restrict our
ability to obtain future financing and affect the terms of any such financing.
Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and agreement with Microsoft could delay or prevent a change in
control.
The anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control.
Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our
outstanding stock. These provisions include the ability of our Board of Directors to create and issue preferred stock, change the number
of directors, and to make, amend or repeal our bylaws without prior shareholder approval; the inability of our shareholders to act by
written consent or call special meetings; advance notice requirements for director nominations and shareholder proposals; and a super-
majority voting requirement to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Under our agreement with Microsoft
for the Xbox, if someone makes an offer to purchase at least 30% of our outstanding common stock, Microsoft may have first and last
rights of refusal to purchase the stock. These provisions could delay or prevent a change in control of NVIDIA, discourage proxy
contests, and make it more difficult for shareholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions
they desire.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
Not applicable.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Risk management and strategy
We have in place certain infrastructure, systems, policies, and procedures that are designed to proactively and reactively address
circumstances that arise when unexpected events such as a cybersecurity incident occur. These include processes for assessing,
identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our information security management program generally follows
processes outlined in frameworks such as the ISO 27001 international standard for Information Security and we evaluate and evolve our
security measures as appropriate. We consult with external parties, such as cybersecurity firms and risk management and governance
experts, on risk management and strategy.
Identifying, assessing, and managing cybersecurity risk is integrated into our overall risk management systems and processes, and we
have in place cybersecurity and data privacy training and policies designed to (a) respond to new requirements in global privacy laws
and (b) prevent, detect, respond to, mitigate and recover from identified and significant cybersecurity threats.
We also have a vendor risk assessment process consisting of the distribution and review of supplier questionnaires designed to help us
evaluate cybersecurity risks that we may encounter when working with third parties that have access to confidential and other sensitive
company information. We take steps designed to ensure that such vendors have implemented data privacy and security controls that
help mitigate the cybersecurity risks associated with these vendors. We routinely assess our high-risk suppliers’ conformance to industry
standards (e.g., ISO 27001, ISO 28001, and C-TPAT), and we evaluate them for additional information, product, and physical security
requirements.
Refer to “Item 1A. Risk factors” in this annual report on Form 10-K for additional information about cybersecurity-related risks.
Governance
Information security matters, including managing and assessing risks from cybersecurity threats, remain under the oversight of the
Company’s Board of Directors, or the Board. The Audit Committee of the Board, or the Audit Committee, also reviews the adequacy and
effectiveness of the Company’s information security policies and practices and the internal controls regarding information security risks.
The Audit Committee receives regular information security updates from management, including our Chief Security Officer and members
of our security team. The Board also receives annual reports on information security matters from our Chief Security Officer and
members of our security team.
Our security efforts are managed by a team of executive cybersecurity, IT, engineering, operations, and legal professionals. We have
established a cross-functional leadership team, consisting of executive-level leaders, that meets regularly to review cybersecurity
matters and evaluate emerging threats. With oversight and guidance provided by the cross-functional leadership team, our information
security teams refine our practices to address emerging security risks and changes in regulations. Our executive-level leadership team
also participates in cybersecurity incident response efforts by engaging with the incident response team and helping direct the
company’s response to and assessment of certain cybersecurity incidents.
We have designated a Chief Security Officer that reports to our Senior Vice President of Software Engineering to manage our
assessment and management of material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our Chief Security Officer’s cybersecurity expertise includes
over 17 years of combined government and private sector assignments.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 49/118


=== PAGE 50 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
31
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 50/118


=== PAGE 51 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Item 2. Properties
Our headquarters is in Santa Clara, California. We own and lease approximately 3 million square feet of office and building space for our
corporate headquarters. In addition, we lease data center space in Santa Clara, California. We also own and lease facilities for data
centers, research and development, and/or sales and administrative purposes throughout the U.S. and in various international locations,
primarily in China, India, Israel, and Taiwan. We believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable
for the conduct of our business. We do not identify or allocate assets by operating segment. For additional information regarding
obligations under leases, refer to Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, which information is hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Please see Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a
discussion of our legal proceedings.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Part II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities
Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol NVDA. Public trading of our common stock began
on January 22, 1999. Prior to that, there was no public market for our common stock. As of February 16, 2024, we had
approximately 382 registered shareholders, not including those shares held in street or nominee name.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
In August 2023, our Board of Directors approved an increase to our share repurchase program of an additional $25.0 billion, without
expiration. During fiscal year 2024, we repurchased 21 million shares of our common stock for $9.7 billion. As of January 28, 2024, we
were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase additional shares of our common stock up to $22.5 billion.
The repurchases can be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or in
structured share repurchase programs, and can be made in one or more larger repurchases, in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the
Exchange Act, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, and other factors. The program does not obligate NVIDIA to
acquire any particular amount of common stock and the program may be suspended at any time at our discretion.
In fiscal year 2024, we paid $395 million in quarterly cash dividends. Our cash dividend program and the payment of future cash
dividends under that program are subject to our Board of Directors' continuing determination that the dividend program and the
declaration of dividends thereunder are in the best interests of our shareholders.
The following table presents details of our share repurchase transactions during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024:
Total Number of Approximate Dollar
Total Number Shares Purchased as Value of Shares that
of Shares Part of Publicly May Yet Be
Purchased Average Price Announced Program Purchased Under the
Period (In millions) Paid per Share (In millions) Program (In billions)
October 30, 2023 - November 26, 2023 0.9 $ 464.39 0.9 $ 24.8
November 27, 2023 - December 24, 2023 1.1 $ 477.26 1.1 $ 24.3
December 25, 2023 - January 28, 2024 3.3 $ 540.85 3.3 $ 22.5
Total 5.3 5.3
From January 29, 2024 to February 16, 2024, we repurchased 2.8 million shares for $1.9 billion pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan.
Restricted Stock Unit Share Withholding
We withhold common stock shares associated with net share settlements to cover tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of RSU
awards under our employee equity incentive program. During fiscal year 2024, we withheld
32
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 51/118


=== PAGE 52 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 52/118


=== PAGE 53 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
approximately 7 million shares for a total value of $2.8 billion through net share settlements. Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding our equity
incentive plans.
Stock Performance Graphs
The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return for our common stock, the S&P 500 Index, and the Nasdaq 100
Index for the five years ended January 28, 2024. The graph assumes that $100 was invested on January 27, 2019 in our common stock
and in each of the S&P 500 Index and the Nasdaq 100 Index. Our common stock is a component of each of the presented indices. Total
return assumes reinvestment of dividends in each of the indices indicated. Total return is based on historical results and is not intended
to indicate future performance.
*$100 invested on 1/27/19 in stock and in indices, including reinvestment of dividends.
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics.
1/27/2019 1/26/2020 1/31/2021 1/30/2022 1/29/2023 1/28/2024
NVIDIA Corporation $ 100.00 $ 157.02 $ 326.26 $ 574.15 $ 512.40 $ 1,536.28
S&P 500 $ 100.00 $ 126.17 $ 144.83 $ 175.25 $ 163.63 $ 199.83
Nasdaq 100 $ 100.00 $ 136.15 $ 194.20 $ 218.68 $ 185.67 $ 268.13
Item 6. [Reserved]
33
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 53/118


=== PAGE 54 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with “Item 1A.
Risk Factors”, our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto, as well as other cautionary statements and risks
described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase, hold or sell shares of our common stock.
Overview
Our Company and Our Businesses
NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. Since our original focus on PC
graphics, we have expanded to several other large and important computationally intensive fields. NVIDIA has leveraged its GPU
architecture to create platforms for accelerated computing, AI solutions, scientific computing, data science, AV, robotics, metaverse and
3D internet applications.
Our two operating segments are "Compute & Networking" and "Graphics." Refer to Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April
1998.
Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challenges
Demand and Supply, Product Transitions, and New Products and Business Models
Demand for our data center systems and products surged in fiscal year 2024. Entering fiscal year 2025, we are gathering customer
demand indications across several product transitions. We have demand visibility for our new data center products ramping later in fiscal
year 2025. We have increased our supply and capacity purchases with existing suppliers, added new vendors and entered into prepaid
manufacturing and capacity agreements. These increased purchase volumes, the number of suppliers, and the integration of new
vendors into our supply chain may create more complexity and execution risk. Our purchase commitments and obligations for inventory
and manufacturing capacity at the end of fiscal year 2024 were impacted by shortening lead times for certain components. We may
continue to enter into new supplier and capacity arrangements. Supply of Hopper architecture products is improving, and demand
remains very strong. We expect our next-generation products to be supply-constrained based upon demand indications. We may incur
inventory provisions or impairments if our inventory or supply or capacity commitments exceed demand for our products or demand
declines.
We build finished products and maintain inventory in advance of anticipated demand. While we have entered into long-term supply and
capacity commitments, we may not be able to secure sufficient commitments for capacity to address our business needs, or our long-
term demand expectations may change. These risks may increase as we shorten our product development cycles, enter new lines of
business, or integrate new suppliers or components into our supply chain, creating additional supply chain complexity.
Product transitions are complex as we often ship both new and prior architecture products simultaneously and we and our channel
partners prepare to ship and support new products. Due to our product introduction cycles, we are almost always in various stages of
transitioning the architecture of our Data Center, Professional Visualization, and Gaming products. We will have a broader and faster
Data Center product launch cadence to meet a growing and diverse set of AI opportunities. The increased frequency of these transitions
may magnify the challenges associated with managing our supply and demand due to manufacturing lead times. Qualification time for
new products, customers anticipating product transitions and channel partners reducing channel inventory of prior architectures ahead of
new product introductions can create reductions or volatility in our revenue. The increasing frequency and complexity of newly
introduced products could result in quality or production issues that could increase inventory provisions, warranty or other costs or result
in product delays. Deployment of new products to customers creates additional challenges due to the complexity of our technologies,
which has impacted and may in the future impact the timing of customer purchases or otherwise impact our demand. While we have
managed prior product transitions and have previously sold multiple product architectures at the same time, these transitions are difficult,
may impair our ability to predict demand and impact our supply mix, and we may incur additional costs.
We build technology and introduce products for new and innovative use cases and applications such as our NVIDIA DGX Cloud
services, Omniverse platform, LLMs, and generative AI models. Our demand estimates for new use cases, applications, and services
can be incorrect and create volatility in our revenue or supply levels, and we may not be able to generate significant revenue from these
use cases, applications, and services. Recent technologies, such as generative AI models, have emerged, and while they have driven
increased demand for Data Center, the long-term trajectory is unknown.
34
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 54/118


=== PAGE 55 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Global Trade
During the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, the USG, announced licensing requirements that, with certain exceptions, impact exports to
China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and Russia of our A100 and H100 integrated circuits, DGX or any other systems or boards
which incorporate A100 or H100 integrated circuits.
In July 2023, the USG informed us of an additional licensing requirement for a subset of A100 and H100 products destined to certain
customers and other regions, including some countries in the Middle East.
In October 2023, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements that became effective in our fourth quarter of fiscal year
2024 for exports to China and Country Groups D1, D4, and D5 (including but not limited to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and
Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including A100, A800, H100, H800, L4, L40,
L40S and RTX 4090. The licensing requirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certain performance thresholds to a
party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent headquartered in, Country Group D5, including China. On October 23, 2023, the USG
informed us the licensing requirements were effective immediately for shipments of our A100, A800, H100, H800, and L40S products.
Our sales to China decreased as a percentage of total Data Center revenue from 19% in fiscal year 2023 to 14% in fiscal year 2024.
We have not received licenses to ship these restricted products to China. We are working to expand our Data Center product portfolio to
offer new solutions, including those for which the USG does not require a license or advance notice before each shipment. We have
started to ship alternatives to the China market in small volumes. China represented a mid-single digit percentage of our Data Center
revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 due to USG licensing requirements and we expect China to be in a similar range in the
first quarter of fiscal year 2025. To the extent that a customer requires products covered by the licensing requirements, we may seek a
license for the customer but have no assurance that the USG will grant such a license, or that the USG will act on the license application
in a timely manner or at all.
Our competitive position has been harmed, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed in the long term, if
there are further changes in the USG’s export controls. Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions,
the USG has changed and may again change the export control rules at any time and further subject a wider range of our products to
export restrictions and licensing requirements, negatively impacting our business and financial results. In the event of such change, we
may be unable to sell our inventory of such products and may be unable to develop replacement products not subject to the licensing
requirements, effectively excluding us from all or part of the China market, as well as other impacted markets, including the Middle East.
While we work to enhance the resiliency and redundancy of our supply chain, which is currently concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region,
new and existing export controls or changes to existing export controls could limit alternative manufacturing locations and negatively
impact our business. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters” for a
discussion of this potential impact.
Macroeconomic Factors
Macroeconomic factors, including inflation, increased interest rates, capital market volatility, global supply chain constraints and global
economic and geopolitical developments, may have direct and indirect impacts on our results of operations, particularly demand for our
products. While difficult to isolate and quantify, these macroeconomic factors can also impact our supply chain and manufacturing costs,
employee wages, costs for capital equipment and value of our investments. Our product and solution pricing generally does not fluctuate
with short-term changes in our costs. Within our supply chain, we continuously manage product availability and costs with our vendors.
Israel and Hamas Conflict
We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations, including the health and safety of our
approximately 3,700 employees in the region who primarily support the research and development, operations, and sales and marketing
of our networking products. Our operating expenses in fiscal year 2024 include expenses for financial support to impacted employees
and charitable activity. We believe our global supply chain for our networking products has not experienced any significant impact.
Further, in connection with the conflict, a substantial number of our employees in the region have been called-up for active military duty
in Israel. Accordingly, some of our employees in Israel have been absent for an extended period and they or others may continue to be
absent, which may cause disruption to our product development or operations. We did not experience any significant impact or expense
to our business; however, if the conflict is further extended, it could impact future product development, operations, and revenue or
create other uncertainty for our business.
35
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 55/118


=== PAGE 56 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Fiscal Year 2024 Summary
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Change
($ in millions, except per share data)
Revenue $ 60,922 $ 26,974 Up 126%
Gross margin 72.7 % 56.9 % Up 15.8 pts
Operating expenses $ 11,329 $ 11,132 Up 2%
Operating income $ 32,972 $ 4,224 Up 681%
Net income $ 29,760 $ 4,368 Up 581%
Net income per diluted share $ 11.93 $ 1.74 Up 586%
We specialize in markets where our computing platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms
incorporate processors, interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four
large markets where our expertise is critical: Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive.
Revenue for fiscal year 2024 was $60.9 billion, up 126% from a year ago.
Data Center revenue for fiscal year 2024 was up 217%. Strong demand was driven by enterprise software and consumer internet
applications, and multiple industry verticals including automotive, financial services, and healthcare. Customers across industry verticals
access NVIDIA AI infrastructure both through the cloud and on-premises. Data Center compute revenue was up 244% in the fiscal year.
Networking revenue was up 133% in the fiscal year.
Gaming revenue for fiscal year 2024 was up 15%. The increase reflects higher sell-in to partners following the normalization of channel
inventory levels and growing demand.
Professional Visualization revenue for fiscal year 2024 was up 1%.
Automotive revenue for the fiscal year 2024 was up 21%. The increase primarily reflected growth in self-driving platforms.
Gross margin increased in fiscal year 2024, primarily driven by Data Center revenue growth and lower net inventory provisions as a
percentage of revenue.
Operating expenses increased for fiscal year 2024, driven by growth in employees and compensation increases. Fiscal year 2023 also
included a $1.4 billion acquisition termination charge related to the proposed Arm transaction.
Market Platform Highlights
Data Center revenue for fiscal year 2024 was $47.5 billion, up 217% from fiscal year 2023. In Data Center, we launched AI inference
platforms that combine our full-stack inference software with NVIDIA Ada, NVIDIA Hopper and NVIDIA Grace Hopper processors
optimized for generative AI, LLMs and other AI workloads. We introduced NVIDIA DGX Cloud and AI Foundations to help businesses
create and operate custom large language models and generative AI models. As AV algorithms move to video transformers, and more
cars are equipped with cameras, we expect NVIDIA’s automotive data center processing demand to grow significantly. We estimate that
in fiscal year 2024, approximately 40% of Data Center revenue was for AI inference. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, large cloud
providers represented more than half of our Data Center revenue, supporting both internal workloads and external customers. We
announced NVIDIA Spectrum-X, an accelerated networking platform for AI.
Gaming revenue for fiscal year 2024 was $10.4 billion, up 15% from fiscal year 2023. In Gaming, we launched the GeForce RTX 4060
and 4070 GPUs based on the NVIDIA Ada Lovelace architecture. We announced NVIDIA Avatar Cloud Engine for Games, a custom AI
model foundry service using AI-powered natural language interactions to transform games and launched DLSS 3.5 Ray Reconstruction.
Additionally, we released TensorRT-LLM for Windows and launched GeForce RTX 40-Series SUPER GPUs. Gaming reached a
milestone of 500 AI-powered RTX games and applications utilizing NVIDIA DLSS, ray tracing and other NVIDIA RTX technologies.
Professional Visualization revenue for fiscal year 2024 was $1.6 billion, up 1% from fiscal year 2023. In Professional Visualization, we
announced new GPUs based on the NVIDIA RTX Ada Lovelace architecture, and announced NVIDIA Omniverse Cloud, a fully managed
service running in Microsoft Azure, for the development and deployment of industrial metaverse applications.
Automotive revenue for fiscal year 2024 was $1.1 billion, up 21% from fiscal year 2023. In Automotive, we announced a partnership with
MediaTek, which will develop mainstream automotive systems on chips for global OEMs integrating a new NVIDIA GPU chiplet IP for AI
and graphics. We furthered our collaboration with Foxconn to develop next-generation
36
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 56/118


=== PAGE 57 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 57/118


=== PAGE 58 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
electric vehicles, and announced further adoption of NVIDIA DRIVE platform with BYD, XPENG, GWM, Li Auto, ZEEKR and Xiaomi.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or
U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenue, cost of revenue, expenses and related disclosure of contingencies. Critical accounting estimates are those
estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and could have a material impact on our financial condition or results
of operations. We have critical accounting estimates in the areas of inventories, revenue recognition, and income taxes. Refer to Note 1
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary of
significant accounting policies.
Inventories
We charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or
excess inventory, and for excess product purchase commitments. Most of our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products
or components, based on our inventory levels and future product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future
demand and market conditions, which requires management judgment.
Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory or excess product purchase commitments include changes in business and
economic conditions, changes in market conditions, sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, inventory
obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements, new product introductions resulting in less demand for
existing products or inconsistent spikes in demand, failure to estimate customer demand properly, ordering in advance of historical lead-
times, government regulations and the impact of changes in future demand, or increase in demand for competitive products, including
competitive actions. Cancellation or deferral of customer purchase orders could result in our holding excess inventory.
The net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was an unfavorable impact of
2.7% in fiscal year 2024 and 7.5% in fiscal year 2023. Our inventory and capacity purchase commitments are based on forecasts of
future customer demand. We account for our third-party manufacturers' lead times and constraints. Our manufacturing lead times can be
and have been long, and in some cases, extended beyond twelve months for some products. We may place non-cancellable inventory
orders for certain product components in advance of our historical lead times, pay premiums and provide deposits to secure future
supply and capacity. We also adjust to other market factors, such as product offerings and pricing actions by our competitors, new
product transitions, and macroeconomic conditions - all of which may impact demand for our products.
Refer to the Gross Profit and Gross Margin discussion below in this Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Our calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on
certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. Our estimates of
deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in
accounting standards or tax laws in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes in other facts or circumstances. In
addition, we recognize liabilities for potential U.S. and foreign income tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the
extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax
liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expense in
our financial statements accordingly.
As of the end of fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we had a valuation allowance of $1.6 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, related to capital
loss carryforwards, and certain state and other deferred tax assets that management determined are not likely to be realized due, in
part, to jurisdictional projections of future taxable income, including capital gains. To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets
becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as income tax benefits during the period.
We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely
on the technical merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a
component of income tax expense.
37
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 58/118


=== PAGE 59 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Revenue Recognition
Revenue Allowances
For products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product
returns at the time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are
anticipated to exceed historical return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to reflect our
estimated exposure for product returns. Return rights for certain stocking distributors for specific products are contractually limited based
on a percentage of prior quarter shipments. For shipments to other customers, we do not allow returns, although we may approve
returns for credit or refund based on applicable facts and circumstances.
We account for customer programs, which involve rebates and marketing development funds, as a reduction in revenue and accrue for
such programs based on the amount we expect to be claimed by customers. Certain customer programs include distributor price
incentives or other channel programs for specific products and customer classes which require judgement as to whether the applicable
incentives will be attained. Estimates for customer program accruals include a combination of historical attainment and claim rates and
may be adjusted based on relevant internal and external factors.
License and Development Arrangements
Revenue from License and Development Arrangements is recognized over the period in which the development services are performed.
Each fiscal reporting period, we measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a percentage of the estimated
total cost required to complete each project. Estimated total cost for each project includes a forecast of internal engineer personnel time
expected to be incurred and other third-party costs as applicable.
Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations
Our contracts may contain more than one performance obligation. Judgement is required in determining whether each performance
obligation within a customer contract is distinct. Except for License and Development Arrangements, NVIDIA products and services
function on a standalone basis and do not require a significant amount of integration or interdependency. Therefore, multiple
performance obligations contained within a customer contract are considered distinct and are not combined for revenue recognition
purposes.
We allocate the total transaction price to each distinct performance obligation in a multiple performance obligations arrangement on a
relative standalone selling price basis. In certain cases, we can establish standalone selling price based on directly observable prices of
products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. If standalone selling price is not directly
observable, such as when we do not sell a product or service separately, we determine standalone selling price based on market data
and other observable inputs.
Change in Accounting Estimate
In February 2023, we assessed the useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment. Based on advances in technology and usage rate,
we increased the estimated useful life of a majority of the server, storage, and network equipment from three years to a range of four to
five years, and assembly and test equipment from five years to seven years. The estimated effect of this change for fiscal year 2024 was
a benefit of $33 million and $102 million for cost of revenue and operating expenses, respectively, which resulted in an increase in
operating income of $135 million and net income of $114 million after tax, or $0.05 per both basic and diluted share.
Results of Operations
A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 is presented
below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022 can be
found under Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 24,
2023, which is available free of charge on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov and at our investor relations website,
http://investor.nvidia.com.
38
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 59/118


=== PAGE 60 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain items in our Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a
percentage of revenue.
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
Revenue 100.0 % 100.0 %
Cost of revenue 27.3 43.1
Gross profit 72.7 56.9
Operating expenses
Research and development 14.2 27.2
Sales, general and administrative 4.4 9.1
Acquisition termination cost — 5.0
Total operating expenses 18.6 41.3
Operating income 54.1 15.6
Interest income 1.4 1.0
Interest expense (0.4) (1.0)
Other, net 0.4 (0.1)
Other income (expense), net 1.4 (0.1)
Income before income tax 55.5 15.5
Income tax expense (benefit) 6.6 (0.7)
Net income 48.9 % 16.2 %
Reportable Segments
Revenue by Reportable Segments
Year Ended
$ %
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Change Change
($ in millions)
Compute & Networking $ 47,405 $ 15,068 $ 32,337 215 %
Graphics 13,517 11,906 1,611 14 %
Total $ 60,922 $ 26,974 $ 33,948 126 %
Operating Income by Reportable Segments
Year Ended
$ %
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Change Change
($ in millions)
Compute & Networking $ 32,016 $ 5,083 $ 26,933 530 %
Graphics 5,846 4,552 1,294 28 %
All Other (4,890) (5,411) 521 (10)%
Total $ 32,972 $ 4,224 $ 28,748 681 %
Compute & Networking revenue – The year-on-year increase was due to higher Data Center revenue. Compute grew 266% due to
higher shipments of the NVIDIA Hopper GPU computing platform for the training and inference of LLMs, recommendation engines and
generative AI applications. Networking was up 133% due to higher shipments of InfiniBand.
Graphics revenue – The year-on-year increase was led by growth in Gaming of 15% driven by higher sell-in to partners following the
normalization of channel inventory levels.
Reportable segment operating income – The year-on-year increase in Compute & Networking and Graphics operating income was
driven by higher revenue.
39
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 60/118


=== PAGE 61 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
All Other operating loss - The year-on-year decrease was due to the $1.4 billion Arm acquisition termination cost in fiscal year 2023,
partially offset by a $839 million increase in stock-based compensation expense in fiscal year 2024.
Concentration of Revenue
Revenue by geographic region is designated based on the billing location even if the revenue may be attributable to end customers,
such as enterprises and gamers in a different location. Revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States accounted for 56%
and 69% of total revenue for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Our direct and indirect customers include public cloud, consumer internet companies, enterprises, startups, public sector entities, OEMs,
ODMs, system integrators, AIB, and distributors.
Sales to one customer, Customer A, represented 13% of total revenue for fiscal year 2024, which was attributable to the Compute &
Networking segment.
One indirect customer which primarily purchases our products through system integrators and distributors, including through Customer
A, is estimated to have represented approximately 19% of total revenue for fiscal year 2024, attributable to the Compute & Networking
segment.
Our estimated Compute & Networking demand is expected to remain concentrated.
There were no customers with 10% or more of total revenue for fiscal years 2023 and 2022.
Gross Profit and Gross Margin
Gross profit consists of total revenue, net of allowances, less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of the cost of
semiconductors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, board and device costs, manufacturing support costs,
including labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, inventory and warranty provisions, memory and
component costs, tariffs, and shipping costs. Cost of revenue also includes acquisition-related costs, development costs for license and
service arrangements, IP-related costs, and stock-based compensation related to personnel associated with manufacturing operations.
Our overall gross margin increased to 72.7% in fiscal year 2024 from 56.9% in fiscal year 2023. The year over year increase was
primarily due to strong Data Center revenue growth of 217% and lower net inventory provisions as a percentage of revenue.
Provisions for inventory and excess inventory purchase obligations totaled $2.2 billion for both fiscal years 2024 and 2023. Sales of
previously reserved inventory or settlements of excess inventory purchase obligations resulted in a provision release of $540 million and
$137 million for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The net effect on our gross margin was an unfavorable impact of 2.7% and
7.5% in fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Operating Expenses
Year Ended
$ %
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Change Change
($ in millions)
Research and development expenses $ 8,675 $ 7,339 $ 1,336 18 %
% of net revenue 14.2 % 27.2 %
Sales, general and administrative expenses 2,654 2,440 214 9 %
% of net revenue 4.4 % 9.1 %
Acquisition termination cost — 1,353 (1,353) (100)%
% of net revenue — % 5.0 %
Total operating expenses $ 11,329 $ 11,132 $ 197 2 %
% of net revenue 18.6 % 41.3 %
The increase in research and development expenses and sales, general and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2024 was primarily
driven by compensation and benefits, including stock-based compensation, reflecting employee growth and compensation increases.
Acquisition Termination Cost
We recorded an acquisition termination cost related to the Arm transaction of $1.4 billion in fiscal year 2023 reflecting the write-off of the
prepayment provided at signing.
40
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 61/118


=== PAGE 62 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 62/118


=== PAGE 63 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Other Income (Expense), Net
Year Ended
$
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Change
($ in millions)
Interest income $ 866 $ 267 $ 599
Interest expense (257) (262) 5
Other, net 237 (48) 285
Other income (expense), net $ 846 $ (43) $ 889
Interest income consists of interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. The increase in interest income was
due to higher yields on higher cash balances.
Interest expense is comprised of coupon interest and debt discount amortization related to our notes.
Other, net, consists of realized or unrealized gains and losses from investments in non-affiliated entities and the impact of changes in
foreign currency rates. Change in Other, net, compared to fiscal year 2023 was driven by changes in value from our non-affiliated
investments. Refer to Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-
K for additional information regarding our investments in non-affiliated entities.
Income Taxes
We recognized income tax expense of $4.1 billion for fiscal year 2024 and income tax benefit of $187 million for fiscal year 2023. Income
tax as a percentage of income before income tax was an expense of 12.0% for fiscal year 2024 and a benefit of 4.5% for fiscal year
2023.
During the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, audit of our federal income tax returns for fiscal years
2018 and 2019 was resolved. We recognized a non-cash net benefit of $145 million, related to this IRS audit resolution, for effectively
settled positions. This benefit consists of a reduction in unrecognized tax benefits of $236 million and related accrued interest of $17
million, net of federal benefit, partially offset by additional cash tax payments and reductions in tax attribute carryforwards of $108
million.
The effective tax rate increased due to a decreased impact of tax benefits from the FDII deduction, stock-based compensation, and the
U.S. federal research tax credit, relative to the increase in income before income tax. The increase in the effective tax rate was partially
offset by a benefit due to the IRS audit resolution.
Our effective tax rates for fiscal years 2024 and 2023 were lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% due primarily to tax benefits
from the FDII deduction, stock-based compensation and the U.S. federal research tax credit. Our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2024
was additionally benefited by the IRS audit resolution.
The OECD has announced an Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting including Pillar Two Model Rules for a new 15%
global minimum tax applicable to large multinational corporations. Certain jurisdictions, including European Union member states and
the United Kingdom, have enacted Pillar Two legislation that will start to become effective for our fiscal year 2025. The OECD, and its
member countries, continue to release new guidance and legislation on Pillar Two and we continue to evaluate the impact on our
financial position of the global implementation of these rules. Based on enacted laws, Pillar Two is not expected to materially impact our
effective tax rate or cash flows in the next fiscal year. New legislation or guidance could change our current assessment.
Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
additional information.
41
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 63/118


=== PAGE 64 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
(In millions)
Cash and cash equivalents $ 7,280 $ 3,389
Marketable securities 18,704 9,907
Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities $ 25,984 $ 13,296
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
(In millions)
Net cash provided by operating activities $ 28,090 $ 5,641
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities $ (10,566) $ 7,375
Net cash used in financing activities $ (13,633) $ (11,617)
Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and credit
exposures, and certain maturity limits on our portfolio.
Cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023, due to growth in revenue. Accounts
receivable balance in fiscal year 2024 reflected $557 million from customer payments received ahead of the invoice due date.
Cash provided by investing activities decreased in fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023, primarily driven by lower marketable
securities maturities and higher purchases of marketable securities.
Cash used in financing activities increased in fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023, due to a debt repayment and higher tax
payments related to RSUs, partially offset by lower share repurchases.
Liquidity
Our primary sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, and the cash generated by our operations. At
the end of fiscal year 2024, we had $26.0 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. We believe that we have sufficient
liquidity to meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months, and for the foreseeable future, including our future
supply obligations and $1.3 billion of debt repayment due in fiscal year 2025 and share purchases. We continuously evaluate our
liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance future capital requirements.
Our marketable securities consist of debt securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, highly rated corporations and
financial institutions, and foreign government entities, as well as certificates of deposit issued by highly rated financial institutions. These
marketable securities are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. Refer to Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in
Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
During fiscal year 2025, we expect to use our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, and the cash generated by our
operations to fund our capital investments of approximately $3.5 billion to $4.0 billion related to property and equipment.
Except for approximately $1.4 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside the U.S. for which we have not
accrued any related foreign or state taxes if we repatriate these amounts to the U.S., substantially all of our cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities held outside of the U.S. at the end of fiscal year 2024 are available for use in the U.S. without incurring additional
U.S. federal income taxes.
Capital Return to Shareholders
During fiscal year 2024, we paid $395 million in quarterly cash dividends.
Our cash dividend program and the payment of future cash dividends under that program are subject to our Board of Directors'
continuing determination that the dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in the best interests of our
shareholders.
In August 2023, our Board of Directors approved an increase to our share repurchase program of an additional $25.0 billion, without
expiration. During fiscal year 2024, we repurchased 21 million shares of our common stock for $9.7 billion. As of January 28, 2024, we
were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase additional shares of our
42
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 64/118


=== PAGE 65 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 65/118


=== PAGE 66 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
common stock up to $22.5 billion. From January 29, 2024 through February 16, 2024, we repurchased 2.8 million shares for $1.9 billion
pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Our share repurchase program aims to offset dilution from shares issued to employees. We may
pursue additional share repurchases as we weigh market factors and other investment opportunities. We plan to continue share
repurchases this fiscal year.
The U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 requires a 1% excise tax on certain share repurchases in excess of shares issued for employee
compensation made after December 31, 2022 which was not material for fiscal year 2024.
Outstanding Indebtedness and Commercial Paper Program
Our aggregate debt maturities as of January 28, 2024, by year payable, are as follows:
Jan 28, 2024
(In millions)
Due in one year $ 1,250
Due in one to five years 2,250
Due in five to ten years 2,750
Due in greater than ten years 3,500
Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs (41)
Net carrying amount 9,709
Less short-term portion (1,250)
Total long-term portion $ 8,459
We have a $575 million commercial paper program to support general corporate purposes. As of the end of fiscal year 2024, we had no
commercial paper outstanding.
Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further
discussion.
Material Cash Requirements and Other Obligations
For a description of our long-term debt, purchase obligations, and operating lease obligations, refer to Note 12, Note 13, and Note 3 of
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, respectively.
We have unrecognized tax benefits of $1.3 billion, which includes related interest and penalties of $140 million, recorded in non-current
income tax payable at the end of fiscal year 2024. We are unable to estimate the timing of any potential tax liability, interest payments, or
penalties in individual years due to uncertainties in the underlying income tax positions and the timing of the effective settlement of such
tax positions. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K for further information.
Climate Change
To date, there has been no material impact to our results of operations associated with global sustainability regulations, compliance,
costs from sourcing renewable energy or climate-related business trends.
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a
discussion of adoption of new and recently issued accounting pronouncements.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Investment and Interest Rate Risk
We are exposed to interest rate risk related to our fixed-rate investment portfolio and outstanding debt. The investment portfolio is
managed consistent with our overall liquidity strategy in support of both working capital needs and growth of our businesses.
As of the end of fiscal year 2024, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our investment portfolio. According to our analysis, parallel
shifts in the yield curve of plus or minus 0.5% would result in a change in fair value for these investments of $93 million.
As of the end of fiscal year 2024, we had $9.7 billion of senior Notes net outstanding. We carry the Notes at face value less unamortized
discount on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As the Notes bear interest at a fixed rate, we have no
43
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 66/118


=== PAGE 67 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 67/118


=== PAGE 68 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Foreign Exchange Rate Risk
We consider our direct exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations to be minimal as our sales are in United States dollars and foreign
currency forward contracts are used to offset movements of foreign currency exchange rate movements. Gains or losses from foreign
currency remeasurement are included in other income or expenses. The impact of foreign currency transaction gain or loss included in
determining net income was not significant for fiscal years 2024 and 2023.
Sales and arrangements with third-party manufacturers provide for pricing and payment in United States dollars, and, therefore, are not
subject to exchange rate fluctuations. Increases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currencies would make our
products more expensive, which could negatively impact our ability to compete. Conversely, decreases in the value of the United States’
dollar relative to other currencies could result in our suppliers raising their manufacturing costs.
If the U.S. dollar strengthened by 10% as of January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023, the amount recorded in accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) related to our foreign exchange contracts before tax effect would have been $116 million and $112 million
lower, respectively. Change in value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) would be expected to offset a
corresponding change in hedged forecasted foreign currency expenses when recognized.
If an adverse 10% foreign exchange rate change was applied to our balance sheet hedging contracts, it would have resulted in an
adverse impact on income before taxes of $60 million and $36 million as of January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023, respectively. These
changes in fair values would be offset in other income (expense), net by corresponding change in fair values of the foreign currency
denominated monetary assets and liabilities, assuming the hedge contracts fully cover the foreign currency denominated monetary
assets and liabilities balances.
Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
additional information.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The information required by this Item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Based on their evaluation as of January 28, 2024, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective to
provide reasonable assurance.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is
defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of January 28, 2024 based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the criteria set forth in Internal
Control — Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
January 28, 2024.
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2024 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended January 28, 2024 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. In fiscal year 2022, we began
an upgrade of our enterprise resource planning, or ERP, system, which will update much of our
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 68/118


=== PAGE 69 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
44
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 69/118


=== PAGE 70 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
existing core financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain our financial records used to report operating
results. The upgrade will occur in phases. We will continue to evaluate each quarter whether there are changes that materially affect our
internal control over financial reporting.
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls
Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures or our internal controls, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within NVIDIA have been detected.
Item 9B. Other Information
On December 18, 2023, John O. Dabiri, a member of our Board of Directors, adopted a trading arrangement that is intended to satisfy
the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) for the sale through December 2, 2024 of an estimated 553 shares of our common
stock, assuming our closing stock price as of January 26, 2024. The number of shares is based on an estimate because the plan
specifies a formulaic dollar amount of shares to be sold.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not Applicable.
Part III
Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this report because we will file with the SEC a definitive proxy statement pursuant
to Regulation 14A, or the 2024 Proxy Statement, no later than 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2024, and certain information
included therein is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Identification of Directors
Information regarding directors required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement under the caption “Proposal 1 -
Election of Directors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Identification of Executive Officers
Reference is made to the information regarding executive officers appearing under the heading “Information About Our Executive
Officers” in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby incorporated by reference.
Identification of Audit Committee and Financial Experts
Information regarding our Audit Committee required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement under the captions
“Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,”
and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Material Changes to Procedures for Recommending Directors
Information regarding procedures for recommending directors required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement under
the caption “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports
Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy
Statement under the caption “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Code of Conduct
Information regarding our Code of Conduct required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement under the caption
“Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Code of Conduct,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. The
full text of our Code of Conduct and Financial Team Code of Conduct are published on the Investor Relations portion of our website,
under Governance, at www.nvidia.com. If we make any amendments to either code, or grant any waiver from a provision of either code
to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website or in a report on
Form 8-K. The contents of our website are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 70/118


=== PAGE 71 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
45
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 71/118


=== PAGE 72 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Item 11. Executive Compensation
Information regarding our executive compensation required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement under the
captions “Executive Compensation”, “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation”, “Director Compensation” and
“Compensation Committee Report,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Ownership of NVIDIA Securities
Information regarding ownership of NVIDIA securities required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement under the
caption “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Equity Compensation Plan Information
Information regarding our equity compensation plans required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement under the
caption "Equity Compensation Plan Information," and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Information regarding related transactions and director independence required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy
Statement under the captions “Review of Transactions with Related Persons” and “Information About the Board of Directors and
Corporate Governance - Independence of the Members of the Board of Directors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Information regarding accounting fees and services required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement under the
caption “Fees Billed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
46
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 72/118


=== PAGE 73 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Part IV
Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules
Page
(a) 1. Financial Statements
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 238) 48
Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended January 28, 2024, January 29, 2023, and January 30,
2022 50
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended January 28, 2024, January 29, 2023,
and January 30, 2022 51
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023 52
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended January 28, 2024, January 29, 2023, and
January 30, 2022 53
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended January 28, 2024, January 29, 2023, and January
30, 2022 54
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 55
2. Financial Statement Schedule
Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended January 28, 2024, January 29, 2023, and
January 30, 2022 81
3. Exhibits
The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 82
47
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 73/118


=== PAGE 74 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of NVIDIA Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of
January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders'
equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2024, including the related notes and financial
statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”).
We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended January 28, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2024,
based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the
Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to
error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
48
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 74/118


=== PAGE 75 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the
accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Valuation of Inventories - Provisions for Excess or Obsolete Inventories and Excess Product Purchase Commitments
As described in Notes 1, 10 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company charges cost of sales for inventory provisions
to write-down inventory for excess or obsolete inventory and for excess product purchase commitments. Most of the Company’s
inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products, based on the Company’s inventory levels and future product purchase
commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions. As of January 28, 2024, the Company’s
consolidated inventories balance was $5.3 billion and the Company’s consolidated outstanding inventory purchase and long-term supply
and capacity obligations balance was $16.1 billion, of which a significant portion relates to inventory purchase obligations.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of inventories, specifically the
provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess product purchase commitments, is a critical audit matter are the significant
judgment by management when developing provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess product purchase commitments,
including developing assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. This in turn led to significant auditor judgment,
subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s assumptions related to future demand and market
conditions.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on
the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s
provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess product purchase commitments, including controls over management’s
assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’s
process for developing the provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess product purchase commitments; evaluating the
appropriateness of management’s approach; testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the approach; and
evaluating the reasonableness of management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. Evaluating
management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by
management were reasonable considering (i) current and past results, including historical product life cycle, (ii) the consistency with
external market and industry data, and (iii) changes in technology.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
San Jose, California
February 21, 2024
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2004.
49
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 75/118


=== PAGE 76 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Income
(In millions, except per share data)
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
Revenue $ 60,922 $ 26,974 $ 26,914
Cost of revenue 16,621 11,618 9,439
Gross profit 44,301 15,356 17,475
Operating expenses
Research and development 8,675 7,339 5,268
Sales, general and administrative 2,654 2,440 2,166
Acquisition termination cost — 1,353 —
Total operating expenses 11,329 11,132 7,434
Operating income 32,972 4,224 10,041
Interest income 866 267 29
Interest expense (257) (262) (236)
Other, net 237 (48) 107
Other income (expense), net 846 (43) (100)
Income before income tax 33,818 4,181 9,941
Income tax expense (benefit) 4,058 (187) 189
Net income $ 29,760 $ 4,368 $ 9,752
Net income per share:
Basic $ 12.05 $ 1.76 $ 3.91
Diluted $ 11.93 $ 1.74 $ 3.85
Weighted average shares used in per share computation:
Basic 2,469 2,487 2,496
Diluted 2,494 2,507 2,535
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
50
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 76/118


=== PAGE 77 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(In millions)
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
Net income $ 29,760 $ 4,368 $ 9,752
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Available-for-sale securities:
Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 80 (31) (16)
Reclassification adjustments for net realized gain included in net income — 1 —
Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 80 (30) (16)
Cash flow hedges:
Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 38 47 (43)
Reclassification adjustments for net realized gain (loss) included in net
income (48) (49) 29
Net change in unrealized loss (10) (2) (14)
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 70 (32) (30)
Total comprehensive income $ 29,830 $ 4,336 $ 9,722
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
51
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 77/118


=== PAGE 78 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(In millions, except par value)
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
Assets
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents $ 7,280 $ 3,389
Marketable securities 18,704 9,907
Accounts receivable, net 9,999 3,827
Inventories 5,282 5,159
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 3,080 791
Total current assets 44,345 23,073
Property and equipment, net 3,914 3,807
Operating lease assets 1,346 1,038
Goodwill 4,430 4,372
Intangible assets, net 1,112 1,676
Deferred income tax assets 6,081 3,396
Other assets 4,500 3,820
Total assets $ 65,728 $ 41,182
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable $ 2,699 $ 1,193
Accrued and other current liabilities 6,682 4,120
Short-term debt 1,250 1,250
Total current liabilities 10,631 6,563
Long-term debt 8,459 9,703
Long-term operating lease liabilities 1,119 902
Other long-term liabilities 2,541 1,913
Total liabilities 22,750 19,081
Commitments and contingencies - see Note 13
Shareholders’ equity:
Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 2 shares authorized; none issued — —
Common stock, $0.001 par value; 8,000 shares authorized; 2,464 shares issued and
outstanding as of January 28, 2024; 2,466 shares issued and outstanding as of January 29,
2023 2 2
Additional paid-in capital 13,132 11,971
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 27 (43)
Retained earnings 29,817 10,171
Total shareholders' equity 42,978 22,101
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 65,728 $ 41,182
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
52
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 78/118


=== PAGE 79 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
Accumulated
Common Stock Additional Other Total
Outstanding Paid-in Treasury Comprehensive Retained Shareholders'
Shares Amount Capital Stock Income (Loss) Earnings Equity
(In millions, except per share data)
Balances, Jan 31, 2021 2,479 $ 3 $ 8,719 $(10,756) $ 19 $ 18,908 $ 16,893
Net income — — — — — 9,752 9,752
Other comprehensive loss — — — — (30) — (30)
Issuance of common stock from stock plans 35 — 281 — — — 281
Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units (8) — (614) (1,290) — — (1,904)
Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.16 per common share) — — — — — (399) (399)
Fair value of partially vested equity awards assumed in
connection with acquisitions — — 18 — — — 18
Stock-based compensation — — 2,001 — — — 2,001
Retirement of Treasury Stock — — (20) 12,046 — (12,026) —
Balances, Jan 30, 2022 2,506 3 10,385 — (11) 16,235 26,612
Net income — — — — — 4,368 4,368
Other comprehensive loss — — — — (32) — (32)
Issuance of common stock from stock plans 31 — 355 — — — 355
Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units (8) — (1,475) — — — (1,475)
Shares repurchased (63) (1) (4) — — (10,034) (10,039)
Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.16 per common share) — — — — — (398) (398)
Stock-based compensation — — 2,710 — — — 2,710
Balances, Jan 29, 2023 2,466 2 11,971 — (43) 10,171 22,101
Net income — — — — — 29,760 29,760
Other comprehensive income — — — — 70 70
Issuance of common stock from stock plans 26 — 403 — — — 403
Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units (7) — (2,783) — — — (2,783)
Shares repurchased (21) — (27) — — (9,719) (9,746)
Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.16 per common share) — — — — — (395) (395)
Stock-based compensation — — 3,568 — — — 3,568
Balances, Jan 28, 2024 2,464 $ 2 $ 13,132 $ — $ 27 $ 29,817 $ 42,978
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
53
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 79/118


=== PAGE 80 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(In millions)
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income $ 29,760 $ 4,368 $ 9,752
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating
activities:
Stock-based compensation expense 3,549 2,709 2,004
Depreciation and amortization 1,508 1,544 1,174
Deferred income taxes (2,489) (2,164) (406)
(Gains) losses on investments in non-affiliated entities, net (238) 45 (100)
Acquisition termination cost — 1,353 —
Other (278) (7) 47
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:
Accounts receivable (6,172) 822 (2,215)
Inventories (98) (2,554) (774)
Prepaid expenses and other assets (1,522) (1,517) (1,715)
Accounts payable 1,531 (551) 568
Accrued and other current liabilities 2,025 1,341 581
Other long-term liabilities 514 252 192
Net cash provided by operating activities 28,090 5,641 9,108
Cash flows from investing activities:
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 9,732 19,425 15,197
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities 50 1,806 1,023
Purchases of marketable securities (18,211) (11,897) (24,787)
Purchases related to property and equipment and intangible assets (1,069) (1,833) (976)
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (83) (49) (263)
Investments in non-affiliated entities and other, net (985) (77) (24)
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (10,566) 7,375 (9,830)
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds related to employee stock plans 403 355 281
Payments related to repurchases of common stock
(9,533) (10,039) —
Payments related to tax on restricted stock units (2,783) (1,475) (1,904)
Repayment of debt (1,250) — (1,000)
Dividends paid (395) (398) (399)
Principal payments on property and equipment and intangible assets (74) (58) (83)
Issuance of debt, net of issuance costs — — 4,977
Other (1) (2) (7)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (13,633) (11,617) 1,865
Change in cash and cash equivalents 3,891 1,399 1,143
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 3,389 1,990 847
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 7,280 $ 3,389 $ 1,990
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
Cash paid for income taxes, net $ 6,549 $ 1,404 $ 396
Cash paid for interest $ 252 $ 254 $ 246
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
54
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 80/118


=== PAGE 81 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Our Company
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April
1998.
All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries.
Fiscal Year
We operate on a 52- or 53-week year, ending on the last Sunday in January. Fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 were all 52-week years.
Principles of Consolidation
Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NVIDIA Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from our
estimates. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, cash equivalents and
marketable securities, accounts receivable, inventories and product purchase commitments, income taxes, goodwill, stock-based
compensation, litigation, investigation and settlement costs, restructuring and other charges, property, plant, and equipment, and other
contingencies. These estimates are based on historical facts and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable.
In February 2023, we assessed the useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment. Based on advances in technology and usage rate,
we increased the estimated useful life of most of our server, storage, and network equipment from three to four or five years, and our
assembly and test equipment from five to seven years. The effect of this change for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2024 was a
benefit of $33 million and $102 million for cost of revenue and operating expenses, respectively, which resulted in an increase in
operating income of $135 million and net income of $114 million after tax, or $0.05 per both basic and diluted share.
Revenue Recognition
We derive our revenue from product sales, including hardware and systems, license and development arrangements, software licensing,
and cloud services. We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2)
identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction
price to the performance obligations in the contract (where revenue is allocated on a relative standalone selling price basis by
maximizing the use of observable inputs to determine the standalone selling price for each performance obligation); and (5) recognition
of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation.
Product Sales Revenue
Revenue from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of products to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
we expect to receive in exchange for those products. Certain products are sold with support or an extended warranty for the
incorporated system, hardware, and/or software. Support and extended warranty revenue are recognized ratably over the service
period, or as services are performed. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns, customer programs and any taxes collected
from customers.
For products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product
returns at the time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are
anticipated to exceed historical return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to accurately reflect
our estimated exposure for product returns.
Our customer programs involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target
markets, and marketing development funds, or MDFs, which represent monies paid to our partners that are earmarked for market
segment development and are designed to support our partners’ activities while also promoting NVIDIA products. We account for
customer programs as a reduction to revenue and accrue for such programs for potential rebates and MDFs based on the amount we
expect to be claimed by customers.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 81/118


=== PAGE 82 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
55
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 82/118


=== PAGE 83 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
License and Development Arrangements
Our license and development arrangements with customers typically require significant customization of our IP components. As a result,
we recognize the revenue from the license and the revenue from the development services as a single performance obligation over the
period in which the development services are performed. We measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a
percentage of the estimated total cost required to complete each project. If a loss on an arrangement becomes probable during a period,
we record a provision for such loss in that period.
Software Licensing
Our software licenses provide our customers with a right to use the software when it is made available to the customer. Customers may
purchase either perpetual licenses or subscriptions to licenses, which differ mainly in the duration over which the customer benefits from
the software. Software licenses are frequently sold along with the right to receive, on a when-and-if available basis, future unspecified
software updates and upgrades. Revenue from software licenses is recognized up front when the software is made available to the
customer. Software support revenue is recognized ratably over the service period, or as services are performed.
Cloud Services
Cloud services, which allow customers to use hosted software and hardware infrastructure without taking possession of the software or
hardware, are provided on a subscription basis or a combination of subscription plus usage. Revenue related to subscription-based
cloud services is recognized ratably over the contract period. Revenue related to cloud services based on usage is recognized as usage
occurs. Cloud services are typically sold on a standalone basis, but certain offerings may be sold with hardware and/or software and
related support.
Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations
Our contracts may contain more than one of the products and services listed above, each of which is separately accounted for as a
distinct performance obligation. We account for multiple agreements with a single customer as a single contract if the contractual terms
and/or substance of those agreements indicate that they may be so closely related that they are, in effect, parts of a single contract.
We allocate the total transaction price to each distinct performance obligation in a multiple performance obligations arrangement on a
relative standalone selling price basis. The standalone selling price reflects the price we would charge for a specific product or service if
it were sold separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. When determining standalone selling price, we maximize the
use of observable inputs.
If a contract contains a single performance obligation, no allocation is required.
Product Warranties
We offer a limited warranty to end-users ranging from one to three years for products to repair or replace products for manufacturing
defects or hardware component failures. Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of product warranties that are calculated at the
point of revenue recognition. Under limited circumstances, we may offer an extended limited warranty to customers for certain products.
We also accrue for known warranty and indemnification issues if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated.
Stock-based Compensation
We use the closing trading price of our common stock on the date of grant, minus a dividend yield discount, as the fair value of awards
of restricted stock units, or RSUs, and performance stock units that are based on our corporate financial performance targets, or PSUs.
We use a Monte Carlo simulation on the date of grant to estimate the fair value of performance stock units that are based on market
conditions, or market-based PSUs. The compensation expense for RSUs and market-based PSUs is recognized using a straight-line
attribution method over the requisite employee service period while compensation expense for PSUs is recognized using an accelerated
amortization model. We estimate the fair value of shares to be issued under our employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP, using the
Black-Scholes model at the commencement of an offering period in March and September of each year. Stock-based compensation for
our ESPP is expensed using an accelerated amortization model. Additionally, for RSU, PSU, and market-based PSU awards, we
estimate forfeitures semi-annually and revise the estimates of forfeiture in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those
estimates. Forfeitures are estimated based on historical experience.
Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs
We currently, are, and will likely continue to be subject to claims, litigation, and other actions, including potential regulatory proceedings,
involving patent and other intellectual property matters, taxes, labor and employment, competition and antitrust, commercial disputes,
goods and services offered by us and by third parties, and other matters. There are many uncertainties associated with any litigation or
investigation, and we cannot be certain that these actions
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 83/118


=== PAGE 84 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
56
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 84/118


=== PAGE 85 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
or other third-party claims against us will be resolved without litigation, fines and/or substantial settlement payments or judgments. If
information becomes available that causes us to determine that a loss in any of our pending litigation, investigations or settlements is
probable, and we can reasonably estimate the loss associated with such events, we will record the loss in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
However, the actual liability in any such litigation or investigation may be materially different from our estimates, which could require us
to record additional costs.
Foreign Currency Remeasurement
We use the U.S. dollar as our functional currency for our subsidiaries. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured
into United States dollars at end-of-period exchange rates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities such as property and equipment and
equity are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Revenue and expenses are remeasured at exchange rates in effect during each
period, except for those expenses related to non-monetary balance sheet amounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates.
Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included in earnings in our Consolidated Statements of Income and to date
have not been significant.
Income Taxes
We recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the
current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our
estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any
deferred tax assets by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on available evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.
Our calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties
in the application of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty
or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the U.S., or foreign jurisdictions where we operate,
or changes in other facts or circumstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities for potential U.S. and foreign income tax contingencies
based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts
is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit
or additional income tax expense in our financial statements accordingly.
As of January 28, 2024, we had a valuation allowance of $1.6 billion related to capital loss carryforwards, and certain state and other
deferred tax assets that management determined are not likely to be realized due, in part, to jurisdictional projections of future taxable
income, including capital gains. To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize
such deferred tax assets as income tax benefits during the period.
We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely
on the technical merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a
component of income tax expense.
Net Income Per Share
Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common and potentially dilutive shares outstanding during the
period, using the treasury stock method. Any anti-dilutive effect of equity awards outstanding is not included in the computation of diluted
net income per share.
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
We consider all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at
the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Marketable securities consist of highly liquid debt investments with maturities of greater
than three months when purchased. We currently classify our investments as current based on the nature of the investments and their
availability for use in current operations.
We classify our cash equivalents and marketable securities related to debt securities at the date of acquisition as available-for-sale.
These available-for-sale debt securities are reported at fair value with the related unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated
other comprehensive income or loss, a component of shareholders’ equity, net of tax. The fair value of interest-bearing debt securities
includes accrued interest. Realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities are determined using the specific-identification
method and recorded in the other income (expense), net, section of our Consolidated Statements of Income.
Available-for-sale debt investments are subject to a periodic impairment review. If the estimated fair value of available-for-sale debt
securities is less than its amortized cost basis, we determine if the difference, if any, is caused by expected credit losses and write-down
the amortized cost basis of the securities if it is more likely than not we will be required or
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 85/118


=== PAGE 86 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
57
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 86/118


=== PAGE 87 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
we intend to sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Allowances for credit losses and write-downs are recognized
in the other income (expense), net section of our Consolidated Statements of Income.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The carrying value of cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due
to their relatively short maturities as of January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023. Marketable securities are comprised of available-for-
sale securities that are reported at fair value with the related unrealized gains or losses included in accumulated other comprehensive
income or loss, a component of shareholders’ equity, net of tax. Fair value of the marketable securities is determined based on quoted
market prices. Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fair value. The accounting for
changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. For derivative
instruments designated as fair value hedges, the gains or losses are recognized in earnings in the periods of change together with the
offsetting losses or gains on the hedged items attributed to the risk being hedged. For derivative instruments designated as cash-flow
hedges, the effective portion of the gains or losses on the derivatives is initially reported as a component of other comprehensive income
or loss and is subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedged exposure is recognized in earnings. For derivative instruments not
designated for hedge accounting, changes in fair value are recognized in earnings.
Concentration of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, marketable
securities, and accounts receivable. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly-rated fixed income securities, the
diversification of investment type and credit exposures, and includes certain limits on our portfolio duration. We perform ongoing credit
evaluations of our customers’ financial condition and maintain an allowance for potential credit losses. This allowance consists of an
amount identified for specific customers and an amount based on overall estimated exposure. Our overall estimated exposure excludes
amounts covered by credit insurance and letters of credit.
Inventories
Inventory cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis.
Inventory costs consist primarily of the cost of semiconductors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging,
manufacturing support costs, including labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, and shipping costs, as
well as the cost of purchased memory products and other component parts. We charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-
down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or excess inventory, and for excess product purchase
commitments. Most of our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products, based on our inventory levels and future product
purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions. Once inventory has been written-off or
written-down, it creates a new cost basis for the inventory that is not subsequently written-up. We record a liability for noncancelable
purchase commitments with suppliers for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with our valuation of obsolete or
excess inventory.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed using
the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the assets of three to seven years. Once an asset is identified for
retirement or disposition, the related cost and accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed, and a gain or loss is recorded. The
estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirty years. Depreciation expense includes the amortization of assets recorded under
finance leases. Leasehold improvements and assets recorded under finance leases are amortized over the shorter of the expected
lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset.
Leases
We determine if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. Operating leases with lease terms of more than 12 months are
included in operating lease assets, accrued and other current liabilities, and long-term operating lease liabilities on our consolidated
balance sheet. Operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our
obligation to make lease payments over the lease term.
Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the remaining lease payments discounted using our
incremental borrowing rate. Operating lease assets also include initial direct costs incurred and prepaid lease payments, minus any
lease incentives. Our lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that
option. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
We combine the lease and non-lease components in determining the operating lease assets and liabilities.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 87/118


=== PAGE 88 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
58
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 88/118


=== PAGE 89 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Goodwill
Goodwill is subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier if indicators of potential impairment
exist. In completing our impairment test, we perform either a qualitative or a quantitative analysis on a reporting unit basis.
Qualitative factors include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors
affecting the reporting units.
The quantitative impairment test considers both the income approach and the market approach to estimate a reporting unit’s fair value.
The income and market valuation approaches consider factors that include, but are not limited to, prospective financial information,
growth rates, residual values, discount rates and comparable multiples from publicly traded companies in our industry and require us to
make certain assumptions and estimates regarding industry economic factors and the future profitability of our business.
Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets
Intangible assets primarily represent acquired intangible assets including developed technology and customer relationships, as well as
rights acquired under technology licenses, patents, and acquired IP. We currently amortize our intangible assets with finite lives over
periods ranging from one to twenty years using a method that reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset
are consumed or otherwise used up or, if that pattern cannot be reliably determined, using a straight-line amortization method.
Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. The
recoverability of assets or asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset
group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the carrying amount of an
asset or asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying
amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset or asset group. Fair value is determined based on the
estimated discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. Assets and liabilities to be disposed of
would be separately presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the assets would be reported at the lower of the carrying amount
or fair value less costs to sell, and would no longer be depreciated.
Business Combination
We allocate the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible
assets acquired, based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of the purchase price over the fair values of these net
tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions
believed to be reasonable, but our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. The estimates and
assumptions used in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows,
discount rate used to determine the present value of these cash flows and asset lives. These estimates are inherently uncertain and,
therefore, actual results may differ from the estimates made. As a result, during the measurement period of up to one year from the
acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill.
Upon the measurement period's conclusion or final determination of the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition, whichever
comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our Consolidated Statements of Income.
Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and expensed as incurred.
Investments in Non-Affiliated Entities
Our investment in non-affiliates consists of marketable equity securities, which are publicly traded, and non-marketable equity securities,
which are investments in privately held companies. Marketable equity securities have readily determinable fair values with changes in
fair value recorded in other income (expense), net. Non-marketable equity securities include investments that do not have a readily
determinable fair value. The investments that do not have readily determinable fair value are measured at cost minus impairment, if any,
and are adjusted for changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment in the
same issuer, or the measurement alternative. Fair value is based upon observable inputs in an inactive market and the valuation
requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. All gains and losses on these investments,
realized and unrealized, are recognized in other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Income.
We assess whether an impairment loss has occurred on our investments in non-marketable equity securities, accounted for under the
measurement alternative based on quantitative and qualitative factors. If any impairment is identified for non-marketable equity
securities, we write down the investment to its fair value and record the corresponding charge through other income (expense), net on
our Consolidated Statements of Income.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 89/118


=== PAGE 90 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
59
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 90/118


=== PAGE 91 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued a new accounting standard to provide for additional
disclosures about significant expenses in operating segments. The standard is effective for our annual reporting for fiscal year 2025 and
for interim period reporting starting in fiscal year 2026 retrospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our
Consolidated Financial Statements.
In December 2023, the FASB issued a new accounting standard which provides for new and changes to income tax disclosures
including disaggregation of the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid disclosures. The amendments in the standard are effective for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted and should be applied prospectively, with retrospective
application permitted. We expect to adopt this standard in our annual period beginning fiscal year 2026. We are currently evaluating the
impact of this standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Note 2 - Business Combination
Termination of the Arm Share Purchase Agreement
In February 2022, NVIDIA and SoftBank Group Corp, or SoftBank, announced the termination of the Share Purchase Agreement
whereby NVIDIA would have acquired Arm from SoftBank. The parties agreed to terminate it due to significant regulatory challenges
preventing the completion of the transaction. We recorded an acquisition termination cost of $1.4 billion in fiscal year 2023 reflecting the
write-off of the prepayment provided at signing.
Note 3 - Leases
Our lease obligations primarily consist of operating leases for our headquarters complex, domestic and international office facilities, and
data center space, with lease periods expiring between fiscal years 2025 and 2035.
Future minimum lease payments under our non-cancelable operating leases as of January 28, 2024, are as follows:
Operating Lease
Obligations
(In millions)
Fiscal Year:
2025 $ 290
2026 270
2027 253
2028 236
2029 202
2030 and thereafter 288
Total 1,539
Less imputed interest 192
Present value of net future minimum lease payments 1,347
Less short-term operating lease liabilities 228
Long-term operating lease liabilities $ 1,119
In addition, we have operating leases, primarily for our data centers, that are expected to commence within fiscal year 2025 with lease
terms of 1 to 10 years for $1.1 billion.
Operating lease expenses for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022 were $269 million, $193 million, $168 million, respectively. Short-term
and variable lease expenses for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022 were not significant.
60
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 91/118


=== PAGE 92 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Other information related to leases was as follows:
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
(In millions)
Supplemental cash flows information
Operating cash flows used for operating leases $ 286 $ 184 $ 154
Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for
lease obligations $ 531 $ 358 $ 266
As of January 28, 2024, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 6.1 years and a weighted average
discount rate of 3.76%. As of January 29, 2023, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 6.8 years and a
weighted average discount rate of 3.21%.
Note 4 - Stock-Based Compensation
Our stock-based compensation expense is associated with RSUs, performance stock units based on our corporate financial
performance targets, or PSUs, performance stock units based on market conditions, or market-based PSUs, and our ESPP.
Our Consolidated Statements of Income include stock-based compensation expense, net of amounts allocated to inventory, as follows:
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
(In millions)
Cost of revenue $ 141 $ 138 $ 141
Research and development 2,532 1,892 1,298
Sales, general and administrative 876 680 565
Total $ 3,549 $ 2,710 $ 2,004
Stock-based compensation capitalized in inventories was not significant during fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022.
The following is a summary of equity awards granted under our equity incentive plans:
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
(In millions, except per share data)
RSUs, PSUs and Market-based PSUs
Awards granted 14 25 18
Estimated total grant-date fair value $ 5,316 $ 4,505 $ 3,492
Weighted average grant-date fair value per share $ 374.08 $ 183.72 $ 190.69
ESPP
Shares purchased 3 3 5
Weighted average price per share $ 158.07 $ 122.54 $ 56.36
Weighted average grant-date fair value per share $ 69.90 $ 51.87 $ 23.24
As of January 28, 2024, there was $8.6 billion of aggregate unearned stock-based compensation expense. This amount is expected to
be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.5 years for RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs, and 0.8 years for ESPP.
61
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 92/118


=== PAGE 93 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
The fair value of shares issued under our ESPP have been estimated with the following assumptions:
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
(Using the Black-Scholes model)
ESPP
Weighted average expected life (in years) 0.1-2.0 0.1-2.0 0.1-2.0
Risk-free interest rate 3.9%-5.5% —%-4.6% —%-0.5%
Volatility 31%-67% 43%-72% 20%-58%
Dividend yield 0.1% 0.1% 0.1%
For ESPP shares, the expected term represents the average term from the first day of the offering period to the purchase date. The risk-
free interest rate assumption used to value ESPP shares is based upon observed interest rates on Treasury bills appropriate for the
expected term. Our expected stock price volatility assumption for ESPP is estimated using historical volatility. For awards granted, we
use the dividend yield at grant date. Our RSU, PSU, and market-based PSU awards are not eligible for cash dividends prior to vesting;
therefore, the fair values of RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs are discounted for the dividend yield.
Additionally, for RSU, PSU, and market-based PSU awards, we estimate forfeitures semi-annually and revise the estimates of forfeiture
in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Forfeitures are estimated based on historical experience.
Equity Incentive Program
We grant or have granted stock options, RSUs, PSUs, market-based PSUs, and stock purchase rights under the following equity
incentive plans. In addition, in connection with our acquisitions of various companies, we have assumed certain stock-based awards
granted under their stock incentive plans and converted them into our RSUs.
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
In 2007, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corporation 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, or as most recently amended and restated, the
2007 Plan.
The 2007 Plan authorizes the issuance of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, stock appreciation
rights, performance stock awards, performance cash awards, and other stock-based awards to employees, directors and consultants.
Only our employees may receive incentive stock options. As of January 28, 2024, up to 37 million shares of our common stock could be
issued pursuant to stock awards granted under the 2007 Plan. Currently, we grant RSUs, PSUs and market-based PSUs under the 2007
Plan, under which, as of January 28, 2024, there were 147 million shares available for future grants.
Subject to certain exceptions, RSUs granted to employees vest (A) over a four-year period, subject to continued service, with 25%
vesting on a pre-determined date that is close to the anniversary of the date of grant and 6.25% vesting quarterly thereafter, (B) over a
three-year period, subject to continued service, with 40% vesting on a pre-determined date that is close to the anniversary of the date of
grant and 7.5% vesting quarterly thereafter, or (C) over a four-year period, subject to continued service, with 6.25% vesting quarterly.
PSUs vest over a four-year period, subject to continued service, with 25% vesting on a pre-determined date that is close to the
anniversary of the date of grant and 6.25% vesting quarterly thereafter. Market-based PSUs vest 100% on about the three-year
anniversary of the date of grant. However, the number of shares subject to both PSUs and market-based PSUs that are eligible to vest is
determined by the Compensation Committee based on achievement of pre-determined criteria.
Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
In 2012, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corporation 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or as most recently amended and
restated, the 2012 Plan.
Employees who participate in the 2012 Plan may have up to 15% of their earnings withheld to purchase shares of common stock. The
Board may decrease this percentage at its discretion. Each offering period is about 24 months, divided into four purchase periods of six
months. The price of common stock purchased under our 2012 Plan will be equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the
common stock on the commencement date of each offering period or the fair market value of the common stock on each purchase date
within the offering. As of January 28, 2024, we had 227 million shares reserved for future issuance under the 2012 Plan.
62
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 93/118


=== PAGE 94 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Equity Award Activity
The following is a summary of our equity award transactions under our equity incentive plans:
RSUs, PSUs and Market-based PSUs Outstanding
Weighted Average Grant-
Number of Shares Date Fair Value
(In millions, except per share data)
Balances, Jan 29, 2023 45 $ 158.45
Granted 14 $ 374.08
Vested restricted stock (21) $ 148.56
Canceled and forfeited (1) $ 206.35
Balances, Jan 28, 2024 37 $ 245.94
Vested and expected to vest after Jan 28, 2024 37 $ 245.49
As of January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023, there were 147 million and 160 million shares, respectively, of common stock available for
future grants under our equity incentive plans.
The total fair value of RSUs and PSUs, as of their respective vesting dates, during the years ended January 28, 2024, January 29, 2023,
and January 30, 2022, was $8.2 billion, $4.3 billion, and $5.6 billion, respectively.
Note 5 - Net Income Per Share
The following is a reconciliation of the denominator of the basic and diluted net income per share computations for the periods
presented:
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
(In millions, except per share data)
Numerator:
Net income $ 29,760 $ 4,368 $ 9,752
Denominator:
Basic weighted average shares 2,469 2,487 2,496
Dilutive impact of outstanding equity awards 25 20 39
Diluted weighted average shares 2,494 2,507 2,535
Net income per share:
Basic (1) $ 12.05 $ 1.76 $ 3.91
Diluted (2) $ 11.93 $ 1.74 $ 3.85
Equity awards excluded from diluted net income per share because their effect
would have been anti-dilutive
15 40 21
(1) Calculated as net income divided by basic weighted average shares.
(2) Calculated as net income divided by diluted weighted average shares.
Note 6 - Goodwill
As of January 28, 2024, the total carrying amount of goodwill was $4.4 billion, consisting of goodwill balances allocated to our Compute
& Networking and Graphics reporting units of $4.1 billion and $370 million, respectively. As of January 29, 2023, the total carrying
amount of goodwill was $4.4 billion, consisting of goodwill balances allocated to our Compute & Networking and Graphics reporting units
of $4.0 billion and $370 million, respectively. Goodwill increased by $59 million in fiscal year 2024 from an immaterial acquisition and
was allocated to our Compute & Networking reporting unit. During the fourth quarters of fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, we
completed our annual qualitative impairment tests and concluded that goodwill was not impaired.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 94/118


=== PAGE 95 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
63
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 95/118


=== PAGE 96 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Note 7 - Amortizable Intangible Assets
The components of our amortizable intangible assets are as follows:
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
Gross Net Gross Net
Carrying Accumulated Carrying Carrying Accumulated Carrying
Amount Amortization Amount Amount Amortization Amount
(In millions)
Acquisition-related
intangible assets (1) $ 2,642 $ (1,720) $ 922 $ 3,093 $ (1,614) $ 1,479
Patents and licensed
technology 449 (259) 190 446 (249) 197
Total intangible assets $ 3,091 $ (1,979) $ 1,112 $ 3,539 $ (1,863) $ 1,676
(1) During the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, we commenced amortization of a $630 million in-process research and development intangible asset
related to our acquisition of Mellanox.
Amortization expense associated with intangible assets for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022 was $614 million, $699 million, and $563
million, respectively.
The following table outlines the estimated future amortization expense related to the net carrying amount of intangible assets as of
January 28, 2024:
Future Amortization Expense
(In millions)
Fiscal Year:
2025 $ 555
2026 261
2027 150
2028 37
2029 9
2030 and thereafter 100
Total $ 1,112
64
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 96/118


=== PAGE 97 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Note 8 - Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
Our cash equivalents and marketable securities related to debt securities are classified as “available-for-sale” debt securities.
The following is a summary of cash equivalents and marketable securities:
Jan 28, 2024
Reported as
Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Estimated Cash Marketable
Cost Gain Loss Fair Value Equivalents Securities
(In millions)
Corporate debt securities $ 10,126 $ 31 $ (5) $ 10,152 $ 2,231 $ 7,921
Debt securities issued by the U.S.
Treasury 9,517 17 (10) 9,524 1,315 8,209
Debt securities issued by U.S.
government agencies 2,326 8 (1) 2,333 89 2,244
Money market funds 3,031 — — 3,031 3,031 —
Certificates of deposit 510 — — 510 294 216
Foreign government bonds 174 — — 174 60 114
Total $ 25,684 $ 56 $ (16) $ 25,724 $ 7,020 $ 18,704
Jan 29, 2023
Reported as
Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Estimated Cash Marketable
Cost Gain Loss Fair Value Equivalents Securities
(In millions)
Corporate debt securities $ 4,809 $ — $ (12) $ 4,797 $ 1,087 $ 3,710
Debt securities issued by the U.S.
Treasury 4,185 1 (44) 4,142 — 4,142
Debt securities issued by U.S.
government agencies 1,836 — (2) 1,834 50 1,784
Money market funds 1,777 — — 1,777 1,777 —
Certificates of deposit 365 — — 365 134 231
Foreign government bonds 140 — — 140 100 40
Total $ 13,112 $ 1 $ (58) $ 13,055 $ 3,148 $ 9,907
65
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 97/118


=== PAGE 98 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
The following tables provide the breakdown of unrealized losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual
securities have been in a continuous loss position:
Jan 28, 2024
Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total
Gross Gross Gross
Estimated Unrealized Estimated Unrealized Estimated Unrealized
Fair Value Loss Fair Value Loss Fair Value Loss
(In millions)
Debt securities issued by the
U.S. Treasury $ 3,343 $ (5) $ 1,078 $ (5) $ 4,421 $ (10)
Corporate debt securities 1,306 (3) 618 (2) 1,924 (5)
Debt securities issued by U.S.
government agencies 670 (1) — — 670 (1)
Total $ 5,319 $ (9) $ 1,696 $ (7) $ 7,015 $ (16)
Jan 29, 2023
Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total
Gross Gross Gross
Estimated Unrealized Estimated Unrealized Estimated Unrealized
Fair Value Loss Fair Value Loss Fair Value Loss
(In millions)
Debt securities issued by the
U.S. Treasury $ 2,444 $ (21) $ 1,172 $ (23) $ 3,616 $ (44)
Corporate debt securities 1,188 (7) 696 (5) 1,884 (12)
Debt securities issued by U.S.
government agencies 1,307 (2) — — 1,307 (2)
Total $ 4,939 $ (30) $ 1,868 $ (28) $ 6,807 $ (58)
The gross unrealized losses are related to fixed income securities, driven primarily by changes in interest rates. Net realized gains and
losses were not significant for all periods presented.
The amortized cost and estimated fair value of cash equivalents and marketable securities are shown below by contractual maturity.
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
Amortized Estimated Amortized Estimated
Cost Fair Value Cost Fair Value
(In millions)
Less than one year $ 16,336 $ 16,329 $ 9,738 $ 9,708
Due in 1 - 5 years 9,348 9,395 3,374 3,347
Total $ 25,684 $ 25,724 $ 13,112 $ 13,055
66
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 98/118


=== PAGE 99 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Note 9 - Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities and Investments in Non-Affiliated Entities
The fair values of our financial assets and liabilities are determined using quoted market prices of identical assets or quoted market
prices of similar assets from active markets. We review fair value hierarchy classification on a quarterly basis.
Fair Value at
Pricing Category Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
(In millions)
Assets
Cash equivalents and marketable securities:
Money market funds Level 1 $ 3,031 $ 1,777
Corporate debt securities Level 2 $ 10,152 $ 4,797
Debt securities issued by the U.S. Treasury Level 2 $ 9,524 $ 4,142
Debt securities issued by U.S. government agencies Level 2 $ 2,333 $ 1,834
Certificates of deposit Level 2 $ 510 $ 365
Foreign government bonds Level 2 $ 174 $ 140
Other assets (Investment in non-affiliated entities):
Publicly-held equity securities Level 1 $ 225 $ 11
Liabilities (1)
0.309% Notes Due 2023 Level 2 $ — $ 1,230
0.584% Notes Due 2024 Level 2 $ 1,228 $ 1,185
3.20% Notes Due 2026 Level 2 $ 970 $ 966
1.55% Notes Due 2028 Level 2 $ 1,115 $ 1,099
2.85% Notes Due 2030 Level 2 $ 1,367 $ 1,364
2.00% Notes Due 2031 Level 2 $ 1,057 $ 1,044
3.50% Notes Due 2040 Level 2 $ 851 $ 870
3.50% Notes Due 2050 Level 2 $ 1,604 $ 1,637
3.70% Notes Due 2060 Level 2 $ 403 $ 410
(1) These liabilities are carried on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at their original issuance value, net of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs.
Investments in Non-Affiliated Entities
Our investments in non-affiliated entities include marketable equity securities, which are publicly traded, and non-marketable equity
securities, which are primarily investments in privately held companies. Our marketable equity securities have readily determinable fair
values and are recorded as long-term other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value with changes in fair value recorded
in Other income and expense, net on our Consolidated Statements of Income. Marketable equity securities totaled $225 million and $11
million as of January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023, respectively. The net unrealized and realized gains and losses of investments in
marketable securities net were not significant for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Our non-marketable equity securities are recorded in long-term other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The carrying value of
our non-marketable equity securities totaled $1.3 billion and $288 million as of January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023, respectively.
Gains and losses on these investments, realized and unrealized, are recognized in Other income and expense, net on our Consolidated
Statements of Income.
67
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 99/118


=== PAGE 100 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Adjustments to the carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative were as
follows:
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024
(In millions)
Carrying amount as of Jan 29, 2023 $ 288
Adjustments related to non-marketable equity securities:
Net additions 859
Unrealized gains 194
Impairments and unrealized losses (20)
Carrying amount as of Jan 28, 2024 $ 1,321
In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, one of our private company investments completed a secondary equity raise that resulted in an
unrealized gain of $178 million.
Net unrealized gains recognized for the year ended January 28, 2024 for non-marketable investments in non-affiliated entities still held
as of January 28, 2024 were $174 million. Net unrealized and realized gains related to non-marketable equity securities were not
significant for fiscal years 2023 and 2022.
The following table summarizes the cumulative gross unrealized gains and cumulative gross unrealized losses and impairments related
to non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative:
Jan 28, 2024
(In millions)
Cumulative gross unrealized gains $ 270
Cumulative gross unrealized losses and impairments (45)
Note 10 - Balance Sheet Components
Two customers accounted for 24% and 11% of our accounts receivable balance as of January 28, 2024. Two customers accounted for
14% and 11% of our accounts receivable balance as of January 29, 2023.
Certain balance sheet components are as follows:
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
(In millions)
Inventories (1):
Raw materials $ 1,719 $ 2,430
Work in-process 1,505 466
Finished goods 2,058 2,263
Total inventories $ 5,282 $ 5,159
(1) In fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we recorded an inventory provision of $774 million and $1.0 billion, respectively, in cost of revenue.
68
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 100/118


=== PAGE 101 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Estimated
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Useful Life
(In millions) (In years)
Property and Equipment:
Land $ 218 $ 218 (A)
Buildings, leasehold improvements, and furniture 1,816 1,598 (B)
Equipment, compute hardware, and software 5,200 4,303 3-7
Construction in process 189 382 (C)
Total property and equipment, gross 7,423 6,501
Accumulated depreciation and amortization (3,509) (2,694)
Total property and equipment, net $ 3,914 $ 3,807
(A) Land is a non-depreciable asset.
(B) The estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirty years. Leasehold improvements and finance leases are amortized based on the lesser of either the asset’s
estimated useful life or the expected remaining lease term.
(C) Construction in process represents assets that are not available for their intended use as of the balance sheet date.
Depreciation expense for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022 was $894 million, $844 million, and $611 million, respectively.
Accumulated amortization of leasehold improvements and finance leases was $400 million and $327 million as of January 28, 2024 and
January 29, 2023, respectively.
Property, equipment and intangible assets acquired by assuming related liabilities during fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022 were
$170 million, $374 million, and $258 million, respectively.
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
Other assets: (In millions)
Prepaid supply and capacity agreements (1) $ 2,458 $ 2,989
Investments in non-affiliated entities 1,546 299
Prepaid royalties 364 387
Other 132 145
Total other assets $ 4,500 $ 3,820
(1) As of January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023, there was an additional $2.5 billion and $458 million of short-term prepaid supply and capacity agreements included in
Prepaid expenses and other current assets, respectively.
69
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 101/118


=== PAGE 102 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
(In millions)
Accrued and Other Current Liabilities:
Customer program accruals $ 2,081 $ 1,196
Excess inventory purchase obligations (1) 1,655 954
Deferred revenue (2) 764 354
Accrued payroll and related expenses 675 530
Product warranty and return provisions 415 108
Taxes payable 296 467
Operating leases 228 176
Unsettled share repurchases 187 117
Licenses and royalties 182 149
Other 199 69
Total accrued and other current liabilities $ 6,682 $ 4,120
(1) In fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we recorded an expense of approximately $1.4 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, in cost of revenue for inventory purchase obligations in
excess of our current demand projections, supplier charges and for penalties related to cancellations and underutilization.
(2) Deferred revenue primarily includes customer advances and deferrals related to support for hardware and software, license and development arrangements, and cloud
services. $233 million and $35 million of the balance in fiscal 2024 and 2023 respectively, related to customer advances.
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
(In millions)
Other Long-Term Liabilities:
Income tax payable (1) $ 1,361 $ 1,204
Deferred income tax 462 247
Deferred revenue (2) 573 218
Licenses payable 80 181
Other 65 63
Total other long-term liabilities $ 2,541 $ 1,913
(1) Income tax payable is comprised of the long-term portion of the one-time transition tax payable, unrecognized tax benefits, and related interest and penalties.
(2) Deferred revenue primarily includes deferrals related to support for hardware and software.
Deferred Revenue
The following table shows the changes in deferred revenue during fiscal years 2024 and 2023.
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
(In millions)
Balance at beginning of period $ 572 $ 502
Deferred revenue additions during the period 2,038 830
Revenue recognized during the period (1,273) (760)
Balance at end of period $ 1,337 $ 572
Revenue recognized during fiscal year 2024 that was included in deferred revenue as of January 29, 2023 was $338 million. Revenue
recognized during fiscal year 2023 that was included in deferred revenue as of January 30, 2022 was $282 million.
Revenue related to remaining performance obligations represents the contracted license and development arrangements and support
for hardware and software. This includes deferred revenue currently recorded and amounts that will be
70
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 102/118


=== PAGE 103 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
invoiced in future periods. Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations, which includes deferred revenue and amounts that
will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods, was $1.1 billion as of January 28, 2024. We expect to recognize
approximately 40% of this revenue over the next twelve months and the remainder thereafter. This excludes revenue related to
performance obligations for contracts with a length of one year or less.
Note 11 - Derivative Financial Instruments
We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating
expenses. These contracts are designated as cash flow hedges for hedge accounting treatment. Gains or losses on the contracts are
recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss and reclassified to operating expense when the related operating
expenses are recognized in earnings or ineffectiveness should occur.
We also enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets and
liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. These forward contracts were not designated for hedge
accounting treatment. Therefore, the change in fair value of these contracts is recorded in other income or expense and offsets the
change in fair value of the hedged foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, which is also recorded in other income
or expense.
The table below presents the notional value of our foreign currency forward contracts outstanding:
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
(In millions)
Designated as cash flow hedges $ 1,168 $ 1,128
Non-designated hedges $ 597 $ 366
The unrealized gains and losses or fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts was not significant as of January 28, 2024 and
January 29, 2023.
As of January 28, 2024, all designated foreign currency forward contracts mature within 18 months. The expected realized gains and
losses deferred into accumulated other comprehensive income or loss related to foreign currency forward contracts within the next
twelve months was not significant.
During fiscal years 2024 and 2023, the impact of derivative financial instruments designated for hedge accounting treatment on other
comprehensive income or loss was not significant and all such instruments were determined to be highly effective.
71
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 103/118


=== PAGE 104 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Note 12 - Debt
Long-Term Debt
The carrying value of our outstanding notes, the calendar year of maturity, and the associated interest rates were as follows:
Expected Effective
Remaining Term Interest
(years) Rate Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
(In millions)
0.309% Notes Due 2023 (1) — 0.41% $ — $ 1,250
0.584% Notes Due 2024 0.4 0.66% 1,250 1,250
3.20% Notes Due 2026 2.6 3.31% 1,000 1,000
1.55% Notes Due 2028 4.4 1.64% 1,250 1,250
2.85% Notes Due 2030 6.2 2.93% 1,500 1,500
2.00% Notes Due 2031 7.4 2.09% 1,250 1,250
3.50% Notes Due 2040 16.2 3.54% 1,000 1,000
3.50% Notes Due 2050 26.2 3.54% 2,000 2,000
3.70% Notes Due 2060 36.2 3.73% 500 500
Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs (41) (47)
Net carrying amount 9,709 10,953
Less short-term portion (1,250) (1,250)
Total long-term portion $ 8,459 $ 9,703
(1) In fiscal year 2024, we repaid the 0.309% Notes Due 2023.
All our notes are unsecured senior obligations. All existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries will be effectively senior to the notes.
Our notes pay interest semi-annually. We may redeem each of our notes prior to maturity, subject to a make-whole premium as defined
in the applicable form of note.
As of January 28, 2024, we were in compliance with the required covenants, which are non-financial in nature, under the outstanding
notes.
Commercial Paper
We have a $575 million commercial paper program to support general corporate purposes. As of January 28, 2024, we had no
commercial paper outstanding.
Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies
Purchase Obligations
Our purchase obligations reflect our commitments to purchase components used to manufacture our products, including long-term
supply and capacity agreements, certain software and technology licenses, other goods and services and long-lived assets.
As of January 28, 2024, we had outstanding inventory purchase and long-term supply and capacity obligations totaling $16.1 billion. We
enter into agreements with contract manufacturers that allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us, and in
certain instances, these agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business
needs prior to firm orders being placed, but these changes may result in the payment of costs incurred through the date of cancellation.
Other non-inventory purchase obligations were $4.6 billion, which includes $3.5 billion of multi-year cloud service agreements, primarily
to support our research and development efforts.
72
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 104/118


=== PAGE 105 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Total future purchase commitments as of January 28, 2024 are as follows:
Commitments
(In millions)
Fiscal Year:
2025 $ 17,316
2026 1,143
2027 1,060
2028 770
2029 and thereafter 418
Total $ 20,707
Accrual for Product Warranty Liabilities
The estimated amount of product warranty liabilities was $306 million and $82 million as of January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023,
respectively. The estimated product returns and estimated product warranty activity consisted of the following:
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
(In millions)
Balance at beginning of period $ 82 $ 46 $ 22
Additions 278 145 40
Utilization (54) (109) (16)
Balance at end of period $ 306 $ 82 $ 46
In fiscal years 2024 and 2023, the additions in product warranty liabilities primarily related to Compute & Networking segment.
We have provided indemnities for matters such as tax, product, and employee liabilities. We have included intellectual property
indemnification provisions in our technology-related agreements with third parties. Maximum potential future payments cannot be
estimated because many of these agreements do not have a maximum stated liability. We have not recorded any liability in our
Consolidated Financial Statements for such indemnifications.
Litigation
Securities Class Action and Derivative Lawsuits
The plaintiffs in the putative securities class action lawsuit, captioned 4:18-cv-07669-HSG, initially filed on December 21, 2018 in the
United States District Court for the Northern District of California, and titled In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation, filed an
amended complaint on May 13, 2020. The amended complaint asserted that NVIDIA and certain NVIDIA executives violated Section
10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and SEC Rule 10b-5, by making materially false or
misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand between May 10, 2017
and November 14, 2018. Plaintiffs also alleged that the NVIDIA executives who they named as defendants violated Section 20(a) of the
Exchange Act. Plaintiffs sought class certification, an award of unspecified compensatory damages, an award of reasonable costs and
expenses, including attorneys’ fees and expert fees, and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper. On March 2, 2021, the
district court granted NVIDIA’s motion to dismiss the complaint without leave to amend, entered judgment in favor of NVIDIA and closed
the case. On March 30, 2021, plaintiffs filed an appeal from judgment in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, case
number 21-15604. On August 25, 2023, a majority of a three-judge Ninth Circuit panel affirmed in part and reversed in part the district
court’s dismissal of the case, with a third judge dissenting on the basis that the district court did not err in dismissing the case. On
November 15, 2023, the Ninth Circuit denied NVIDIA’s petition for rehearing en banc of the Ninth Circuit panel’s majority decision to
reverse in part the dismissal of the case, which NVIDIA had filed on October 10, 2023. On November 21, 2023, NVIDIA filed a motion
with the Ninth Circuit for a stay of the mandate pending NVIDIA’s petition for a writ of certiorari in the Supreme Court of the United States
and the Supreme Court’s
73
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 105/118


=== PAGE 106 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
resolution of the matter. On December 5, 2023, the Ninth Circuit granted NVIDIA’s motion to stay the mandate. NVIDIA’s deadline to file
a petition for a writ of certiorari is March 4, 2024.
The putative derivative lawsuit pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, captioned 4:19-cv-
00341-HSG, initially filed January 18, 2019 and titled In re NVIDIA Corporation Consolidated Derivative Litigation, was stayed pending
resolution of the plaintiffs’ appeal in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action. On February 22, 2022, the court
administratively closed the case, but stated that it would reopen the case once the appeal in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities
Litigation action is resolved. Following the Ninth Circuit’s denial of NVIDIA’s petition for rehearing on November 15, 2023, the parties are
conferring regarding the next steps in this derivative matter. The lawsuit asserts claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain
officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, waste of corporate assets, and violations of
Sections 14(a), 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination of allegedly false and misleading statements related to
channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages and other
relief, including reforms and improvements to NVIDIA’s corporate governance and internal procedures.
The putative derivative actions initially filed September 24, 2019 and pending in the United States District Court for the District of
Delaware, Lipchitz v. Huang, et al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01795-UNA) and Nelson v. Huang, et. al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01798- UNA), remain
stayed pending resolution of the plaintiffs’ appeal in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action. Following the Ninth
Circuit’s denial of NVIDIA’s petition for rehearing on November 15, 2023, the parties are conferring regarding the next steps in these
derivative matters. The lawsuits assert claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors of the Company for
breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, insider trading, misappropriation of information, corporate waste and violations of Sections
14(a), 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination of allegedly false, and misleading statements related to channel
inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and other relief, including
disgorgement of profits from the sale of NVIDIA stock and unspecified corporate governance measures.
Another putative derivative action was filed on October 30, 2023 in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, captioned Horanic v.
Huang, et al. (Case No. 2023-1096-KSJM). This lawsuit asserts claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors
of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty and insider trading based on the dissemination of allegedly false and misleading statements
related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and
other relief, including disgorgement of profits from the sale of NVIDIA stock and reform of unspecified corporate governance measures.
This derivative matter is stayed pending the final resolution of In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action.
Accounting for Loss Contingencies
As of January 28, 2024, we have not recorded any accrual for contingent liabilities associated with the legal proceedings described
above based on our belief that liabilities, while possible, are not probable. Further, except as specifically described above, any possible
loss or range of loss in these matters cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. We are engaged in legal actions not described above
arising in the ordinary course of business and, while there can be no assurance of favorable outcomes, we believe that the ultimate
outcome of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position.
74
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 106/118


=== PAGE 107 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Note 14 - Income Taxes
The income tax expense (benefit) applicable to income before income taxes consists of the following:
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
(In millions)
Current income taxes:
Federal $ 5,710 $ 1,703 $ 482
State 335 46 42
Foreign 502 228 71
Total current 6,547 1,977 595
Deferred income taxes:
Federal (2,499) (2,165) (420)
State (206) — —
Foreign 216 1 14
Total deferred (2,489) (2,164) (406)
Income tax expense (benefit) $ 4,058 $ (187) $ 189
Income before income tax consists of the following:
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
(In millions)
U.S. $ 29,495 $ 3,477 $ 8,446
Foreign 4,323 704 1,495
Income before income tax $ 33,818 $ 4,181 $ 9,941
The income tax expense (benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% to income before
income taxes as follows:
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
(In millions, except percentages)
Tax expense computed at federal statutory rate $ 7,102 21.0 % $ 878 21.0 % $ 2,088 21.0 %
Expense (benefit) resulting from:
State income taxes, net of federal tax effect 120 0.4 % 50 1.2 % 42 0.4 %
Foreign-derived intangible income (1,408) (4.2)% (739) (17.7)% (520) (5.2)%
Stock-based compensation (741) (2.2)% (309) (7.4)% (337) (3.4)%
Foreign tax rate differential (467) (1.4)% (83) (2.0)% (497) (5.0)%
U.S. federal research and development tax credit (431) (1.3)% (278) (6.6)% (289) (2.9)%
Acquisition termination cost — — % 261 6.2 % — — %
IP domestication — — % — — % (244) (2.5)%
Other (117) (0.3)% 33 0.8 % (54) (0.5)%
Income tax expense (benefit) $ 4,058 12.0 % $ (187) (4.5)% $ 189 1.9 %
75
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 107/118


=== PAGE 108 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
The tax effect of temporary differences that gives rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are presented below:
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
(In millions)
Deferred tax assets:
Capitalized research and development expenditure $ 3,376 $ 1,859
GILTI deferred tax assets 1,576 800
Accruals and reserves, not currently deductible for tax purposes 1,121 686
Research and other tax credit carryforwards 936 951
Net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards 439 409
Operating lease liabilities 263 193
Stock-based compensation 106 99
Property, equipment and intangible assets 4 66
Other deferred tax assets 179 91
Gross deferred tax assets 8,000 5,154
Less valuation allowance (1,552) (1,484)
Total deferred tax assets 6,448 3,670
Deferred tax liabilities:
Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries (502) (228)
Operating lease assets (255) (179)
Acquired intangibles (74) (115)
Gross deferred tax liabilities (831) (522)
Net deferred tax asset (1) $ 5,617 $ 3,148
(1) Net deferred tax asset includes long-term deferred tax assets of $6.1 billion and $3.4 billion and long-term deferred tax liabilities of $462 million and
$247 million for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. Long-term deferred tax liabilities are included in other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated
Balance Sheets.
As of January 28, 2024, we intend to indefinitely reinvest approximately $1.1 billion and $250 million of cumulative undistributed
earnings held by certain subsidiaries in Israel and the United Kingdom, respectively. We have not provided the amount of unrecognized
deferred tax liabilities for temporary differences related to these investments as the determination of such amount is not practicable.
As of January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023, we had a valuation allowance of $1.6 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, related to
capital loss carryforwards, and certain state and other deferred tax assets that management determined are not likely to be realized due,
in part, to jurisdictional projections of future taxable income, including capital gains. To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets
becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as income tax benefits during the period.
As of January 28, 2024, we had U.S. federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $315 million, $342 million and
$361 million, respectively. The federal and state carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively. The
foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $361 million may be carried forward indefinitely. As of January 28, 2024, we had federal
research tax credit carryforwards of $31 million, before the impact of uncertain tax positions, that will begin to expire in fiscal year 2025.
We have state research tax credit carryforwards of $1.6 billion, before the impact of uncertain tax positions. $1.5 billion is attributable to
the State of California and may be carried over indefinitely and $75 million is attributable to various other states and will begin to expire
in fiscal year 2025. As of January 28, 2024, we had federal capital loss carryforwards of $1.4 billion that will begin to expire in fiscal year
2025.
Our tax attributes remain subject to audit and may be adjusted for changes or modification in tax laws, other authoritative interpretations
thereof, or other facts and circumstances. Utilization of tax attributes may also be subject to limitations due to ownership changes and
other limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state and foreign tax provisions. If any such limitations apply, the tax
attributes may expire or be denied before utilization.
76
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 108/118


=== PAGE 109 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
A reconciliation of gross unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
(In millions)
Balance at beginning of period $ 1,238 $ 1,013 $ 776
Increases in tax positions for current year 616 268 246
Increases in tax positions for prior years 87 1 14
Decreases in tax positions for prior years (148) (15) (4)
Settlements (104) (9) (8)
Lapse in statute of limitations (19) (20) (11)
Balance at end of period $ 1,670 $ 1,238 $ 1,013
Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of January 28, 2024 are $1.0 billion of tax benefits that would affect our effective
tax rate if recognized.
We classify an unrecognized tax benefit as a current liability, or amount refundable, to the extent that we anticipate payment or receipt of
cash for income taxes within one year. The amount is classified as a long-term liability, or reduction of long-term amount refundable, if
we anticipate payment or receipt of cash for income taxes during a period beyond a year.
We include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. We recognized net
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax expense line of our consolidated statements of income of
$42 million, $33 million, and $14 million during fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of January 28, 2024 and January 29,
2023, we have accrued $140 million and $95 million, respectively, for the payment of interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits, which is not included as a component of our gross unrecognized tax benefits.
While we believe that we have adequately provided for all tax positions, amounts asserted by tax authorities could be greater or less
than our accrued position. Accordingly, our provisions on federal, state and foreign tax-related matters to be recorded in the future may
change as revised estimates are made or the underlying matters are settled or otherwise resolved. As of January 28, 2024, we have not
identified any positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or
decrease within the next twelve months.
We are subject to taxation by taxing authorities both in the United States and other countries. As of January 28, 2024, the significant tax
jurisdictions that may be subject to examination include the United States for fiscal years after 2020, as well as China, Germany, Hong
Kong, India, Israel, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom for fiscal years 2005 through 2023. As of January 28, 2024, the significant tax
jurisdictions for which we are currently under examination include Germany, India, Israel, and Taiwan for fiscal years 2005 through 2023.
Note 15 - Shareholders’ Equity
Capital Return Program
In August 2023, our Board of Directors approved an increase to our share repurchase program of an additional $25.0 billion, without
expiration. During fiscal year 2024, we repurchased 21 million shares of our common stock for $9.7 billion. As of January 28, 2024, we
were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase additional shares of our common stock up to $22.5 billion. From
January 29, 2024 through February 16, 2024, we repurchased 2.8 million shares for $1.9 billion pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan.
Our share repurchase program aims to offset dilution from shares issued to employees. We may pursue additional share repurchases as
we weigh market factors and other investment opportunities.
During fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, we paid $395 million, $398 million, and $399 million in cash dividends to our shareholders,
respectively. Our cash dividend program and the payment of future cash dividends under that program are subject to our Board of
Directors' continuing determination that the dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in the best interests of our
shareholders.
In fiscal year 2022, we retired our existing 349 million treasury shares. These shares assumed the status of authorized and unissued
shares upon retirement. The excess of repurchase price over par value was allocated between additional paid-in capital and retained
earnings, resulting in a reduction in additional paid-in capital by $20 million and retained earnings by $12.0 billion. Any future
repurchased shares will assume the status of authorized and unissued shares.
77
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 109/118


=== PAGE 110 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 110/118


=== PAGE 111 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Note 16 - Employee Retirement Plans
We provide tax-qualified defined contribution plans to eligible employees in the U.S. and certain other countries. Our contribution
expense for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022 was $255 million, $227 million, and $168 million, respectively.
Note 17 - Segment Information
Our Chief Executive Officer, who is considered to be our chief operating decision maker, or CODM, reviews financial information
presented on an operating segment basis for purposes of making decisions and assessing financial performance.
The Compute & Networking segment includes our Data Center accelerated computing platform; networking; automotive artificial
intelligence, or AI, Cockpit, autonomous driving development agreements, and autonomous vehicle solutions; electric vehicle computing
platforms; Jetson for robotics and other embedded platforms; NVIDIA AI Enterprise and other software; and DGX Cloud.
The Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related
infrastructure, and solutions for gaming platforms; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics; virtual GPU software
for cloud-based visual and virtual computing; automotive platforms for infotainment systems; and Omniverse Enterprise software for
building and operating 3D internet applications.
Operating results by segment include costs or expenses that are directly attributable to each segment, and costs or expenses that are
leveraged across our unified architecture and therefore allocated between our two segments.
The “All Other” category includes the expenses that our CODM does not assign to either Compute & Networking or Graphics for
purposes of making operating decisions or assessing financial performance. The expenses include stock-based compensation expense,
corporate infrastructure and support costs, acquisition-related and other costs, intellectual property related, or IP-related costs,
acquisition termination cost, and other non-recurring charges and benefits that our CODM deems to be enterprise in nature.
Our CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on a reportable segment basis. Depreciation and amortization
expense directly attributable to each reportable segment is included in operating results for each segment. However, our CODM does
not evaluate depreciation and amortization expense by operating segment and, therefore, it is not separately presented. There is no
intersegment revenue. The accounting policies for segment reporting are the same as for our consolidated financial statements. The
table below presents details of our reportable segments and the “All Other” category.
Compute &
Networking Graphics All Other Consolidated
(In millions)
Year Ended Jan 28, 2024:
Revenue $ 47,405 $ 13,517 $ — $ 60,922
Operating income (loss) $ 32,016 $ 5,846 $ (4,890) $ 32,972
Year Ended Jan 29, 2023:
Revenue $ 15,068 $ 11,906 $ — $ 26,974
Operating income (loss) $ 5,083 $ 4,552 $ (5,411) $ 4,224
Year Ended Jan 30, 2022:
Revenue $ 11,046 $ 15,868 $ — $ 26,914
Operating income (loss) $ 4,598 $ 8,492 $ (3,049) $ 10,041
78
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 111/118


=== PAGE 112 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
(In millions)
Reconciling items included in "All Other" category:
Stock-based compensation expense $ (3,549) $ (2,710) $ (2,004)
Unallocated cost of revenue and operating expenses (728) (595) (399)
Acquisition-related and other costs (583) (674) (636)
IP-related and legal settlement costs (40) (23) (10)
Restructuring costs and other — (54) —
Acquisition termination cost — (1,353) —
Other 10 (2) —
Total $ (4,890) $ (5,411) $ (3,049)
Revenue by geographic areas is designated based upon the billing location of the customer. End customer location may be different
than our customer’s billing location. Revenue by geographic areas was as follows:
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
Revenue: (In millions)
United States $ 26,966 $ 8,292 $ 4,349
Taiwan 13,405 6,986 8,544
China (including Hong Kong) 10,306 5,785 7,111
Other countries 10,245 5,911 6,910
Total revenue $ 60,922 $ 26,974 $ 26,914
Revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States accounted for 56%, 69%, and 84% of total revenue for fiscal years 2024,
2023, and 2022, respectively. The increase in revenue to the United States for fiscal year 2024 was primarily due to higher U.S.-based
Compute & Networking segment demand.
Sales to one customer represented 13% of total revenue for fiscal year 2024, which was attributable to the Compute & Networking
segment. No customer represented 10% or more of total revenue for fiscal years 2023 and 2022.
The following table summarizes information pertaining to our revenue by each of the specialized markets we serve:
Year Ended
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023 Jan 30, 2022
Revenue: (In millions)
Data Center $ 47,525 $ 15,005 $ 10,613
Gaming 10,447 9,067 12,462
Professional Visualization 1,553 1,544 2,111
Automotive 1,091 903 566
OEM and Other 306 455 1,162
Total revenue $ 60,922 $ 26,974 $ 26,914
79
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 112/118


=== PAGE 113 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
The following table presents summarized information for long-lived assets by country. Long-lived assets consist of property and
equipment and exclude other assets, operating lease assets, goodwill, and intangible assets.
Jan 28, 2024 Jan 29, 2023
Long-lived assets: (In millions)
United States $ 2,595 $ 2,587
Taiwan 773 702
Israel 325 283
Other countries 221 235
Total long-lived assets $ 3,914 $ 3,807
80
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 113/118


=== PAGE 114 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
Balance at
Beginning of Balance at
Description Period Additions Deductions End of Period
(In millions)
Fiscal year 2024
Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 4 $ — (1) $ — (1) $ 4
Sales return allowance $ 26 $ 213 (2) $ (130)(4) $ 109
Deferred tax valuation allowance $ 1,484 $ 162 (3) $ (94)(3) $ 1,552
Fiscal year 2023
Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 4 $ — (1) $ — (1) $ 4
Sales return allowance $ 13 $ 104 (2) $ (91)(4) $ 26
Deferred tax valuation allowance $ 907 $ 577 (3) $ — $ 1,484
Fiscal year 2022
Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 4 $ — (1) $ — (1) $ 4
Sales return allowance $ 17 $ 19 (2) $ (23)(4) $ 13
Deferred tax valuation allowance $ 728 $ 179 (3) $ — $ 907
(1) Additions represent either expense or acquired balances and deductions represent write-offs.
(2) Additions represent estimated product returns charged as a reduction to revenue or an acquired balance.
(3) Additional valuation allowance on deferred tax assets not likely to be realized. Additions represent additional valuation allowance on capital loss carryforwards, and
certain state and other deferred tax assets. Deductions represent the release of valuation allowance on certain state deferred tax assets. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
(4) Represents sales returns.
81
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 114/118


=== PAGE 115 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Exhibit Index
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Schedule/Form Exhibit Filing Date
2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 10, 2019, by and 8-K 2.1 3/11/2019
among NVIDIA Corporation, NVIDIA International Holdings Inc.,
Mellanox Technologies Ltd. and Teal Barvaz Ltd.
2.2^ Share Purchase Agreement, dated September 13, 2020, by and 8-K 2.1 9/14/2020
among NVIDIA, NVIDIA Holdings, Arm, SoftBank, and Vision
Fund
3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-K 3.1 3/18/2022
3.2 Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NVIDIA 8-K 3.1 6/6/2022
Corporation
3.3 Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and Restated as of 8-K 3.1 3/8/2023
March 2, 2023
4.1 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2 and 3.3
4.2 Specimen Stock Certificate S-1/A 4.2 4/24/1998
4.3 Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2016, by and between the 8-K 4.1 9/16/2016
Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as
successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
4.4 Officers’ Certificate, dated as of September 16, 2016 8-K 4.2 9/16/2016
4.5 Form of 2026 Note 8-K Annex B-1 to 9/16/2016
Exhibit 4.2
4.6 Description of Securities 10-K 4.6 2/24/2023
4.7 Officers’ Certificate, dated as of March 31, 2020 8-K 4.2 3/31/2020
4.8 Form of 2030 Note 8-K Annex A-1 to 3/31/2020
Exhibit 4.2
4.9 Form of 2040 Note 8-K Annex B-1 to 3/31/2020
Exhibit 4.2
4.10 Form of 2050 Note 8-K Annex C-1 to 3/31/2020
Exhibit 4.2
4.11 Form of 2060 Note 8-K Annex D-1 to 3/31/2020
Exhibit 4.2
4.12 Officers' Certificate, dated as of June 16, 2021 8-K 4.2 6/16/2021
4.13 Form of 2023 Note 8-K Annex A-1 to 6/16/2021
Exhibit 4.2
4.14 Form of 2024 Note 8-K Annex B-1 to 6/16/2021
Exhibit 4.2
4.15 Form of 2028 Note 8-K Annex C-1 to 6/16/2021
Exhibit 4.2
4.16 Form of 2031 Note 8-K Annex D-1 to 6/16/2021
Exhibit 4.2
10.1 Form of Indemnity Agreement between NVIDIA Corporation and 8-K 10.1 3/7/2006
each of its directors and officers
10.2+ Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan 10-K 10.2 2/24/2023
10.3+ Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non- 10-K 10.26 3/12/2015
Employee Director Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice
and Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2016)
10.4+ Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non- 10-K 10.27 3/12/2015
Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2016)
10.5+ Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Global 8-K 10.1 3/11/2019
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2019)
10.6+ Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global 10-Q 10.2 5/21/2020
Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement (2020)
82
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 115/118


=== PAGE 116 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
10.7+ Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global 10-Q 10.2 5/26/2021
Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement (2021)
10.8+ Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global 10-K 10.16 3/18/2022
Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement (2022)
10.9+ Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global 10-K 10.14 2/24/2023
Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement (2023)
10.10+ Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 10-Q 10.2 8/20/2021
10.11+ Variable Compensation Plan - Fiscal Year 2023 8-K 10.1 3/9/2022
10.12+ Variable Compensation Plan - Fiscal Year 2024 8-K 10.1 3/8/2023
10.13 Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between NVIDIA 8-K 10.1 12/15/2017
Corporation, as Issuer, and the Dealer party thereto
21.1* Subsidiaries of Registrant
23.1* Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
24.1* Power of Attorney (included in signature page)
31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
31.2* Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
32.1#* Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
32.2#* Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
97.1+* Compensation Recovery Policy, as amended and restated November 30, 2023
101.INS* XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document
101.PRE* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document
104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File
because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document
* Filed herewith.
+ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
# In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for purpose of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by
reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference.
^ Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5).
Copies of above exhibits not contained herein are available to any shareholder upon written request to:
Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary
Not Applicable.
83
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 116/118


=== PAGE 117 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Signatures
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 21, 2024.
NVIDIA Corporation
By: /s/ Jen-Hsun Huang
Jen-Hsun Huang
President and Chief Executive Officer
Power of Attorney
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jen-Hsun
Huang and Colette M. Kress, and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution
and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and
to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys-in-facts and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and
thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person,
hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or substitutes, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
84
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 117/118


=== PAGE 118 (PDFPlumber) ===

9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
Signature Title Date
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG (Principal Executive Officer) February 21, 2024
Jen-Hsun Huang
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS (Principal Financial Officer) February 21, 2024
Colette M. Kress
Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
/s/ DONALD ROBERTSON (Principal Accounting Officer) February 21, 2024
Donald Robertson
/s/ ROBERT BURGESS Director February 21, 2024
Robert Burgess
/s/ TENCH COXE Director February 21, 2024
Tench Coxe
/s/ JOHN O. DABIRI Director February 21, 2024
John O. Dabiri
/s/ PERSIS DRELL Director February 21, 2024
Persis Drell
/s/ DAWN HUDSON Director February 21, 2024
Dawn Hudson
/s/ HARVEY C. JONES Director February 21, 2024
Harvey C. Jones
/s/ MELISSA B. LORA Director February 21, 2024
Melissa B. Lora
/s/ MICHAEL MCCAFFERY Director February 21, 2024
Michael McCaffery
/s/ STEPHEN C. NEAL Director February 21, 2024
Stephen C. Neal
/s/ MARK L. PERRY Director February 21, 2024
Mark L. Perry
/s/ A. BROOKE SEAWELL Director February 21, 2024
A. Brooke Seawell
/s/ AARTI SHAH Director February 21, 2024
Aarti Shah
/s/ MARK STEVENS Director February 21, 2024
Mark Stevens
85
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 118/118



==================================================
EXTRACTED TABLES
==================================================

--- STANDARD TABLES ---

Table 1: standard_page_017_table_001.csv

Jen-Hsun Huang		60		President and Chief Executive Officer
Colette M. Kress		56		Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Ajay K. Puri		69		Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations
Debora Shoquist		69		Executive Vice President, Operations
Timothy S. Teter		57		Executive Vice President and General Counsel


Table 2: standard_page_051_table_001.csv

October 30, 2023 - November 26, 2023		0.9		$	464.39		0.9		$	24.8
November 27, 2023 - December 24, 2023		1.1		$	477.26		1.1		$	24.3
December 25, 2023 - January 28, 2024		3.3		$	540.85		3.3		$	22.5
Total		5.3					5.3			


Table 3: standard_page_053_table_001.csv

NVIDIA Corporation	$	100.00		$	157.02		$	326.26		$	574.15		$	512.40		$	1,536.28
S&P 500	$	100.00		$	126.17		$	144.83		$	175.25		$	163.63		$	199.83
Nasdaq 100	$	100.00		$	136.15		$	194.20		$	218.68		$	185.67		$	268.13


Table 4: standard_page_056_table_001.csv

Revenue	$	60,922		$	26,974		Up 126%
Gross margin	72.7		%	56.9		%	Up 15.8 pts
Operating expenses	$	11,329		$	11,132		Up 2%
Operating income	$	32,972		$	4,224		Up 681%
Net income	$	29,760		$	4,368		Up 581%
Net income per diluted share	$	11.93		$	1.74		Up 586%


Table 5: standard_page_060_table_001.csv

Revenue	100.0	%		100.0	%
Cost of revenue	27.3			43.1	
Gross profit	72.7			56.9	
Operating expenses					
Research and development	14.2			27.2	
Sales, general and administrative	4.4			9.1	
Acquisition termination cost	—			5.0	
Total operating expenses	18.6			41.3	
Operating income	54.1			15.6	
Interest income	1.4			1.0	
Interest expense	(0.4)			(1.0)	
Other, net	0.4			(0.1)	
Other income (expense), net	1.4			(0.1)	
Income before income tax	55.5			15.5	
Income tax expense (benefit)	6.6			(0.7)	
Net income	48.9	%		16.2	%


Table 6: standard_page_060_table_002.csv

Compute & Networking	$	47,405		$	15,068		$	32,337		215	%
Graphics	13,517			11,906			1,611			14	%
Total	$	60,922		$	26,974		$	33,948		126	%


Table 7: standard_page_060_table_003.csv

Compute & Networking	$	32,016		$	5,083		$	26,933		530	%
Graphics	5,846			4,552			1,294			28	%
All Other	(4,890)			(5,411)			521			(10)	%
Total	$	32,972		$	4,224		$	28,748		681	%


Table 8: standard_page_061_table_001.csv

Research and development expenses	$	8,675			$	7,339			$	1,336		18	%
% of net revenue	14.2		%		27.2		%						
Sales, general and administrative expenses	2,654				2,440				214			9	%
% of net revenue	4.4		%		9.1		%						
Acquisition termination cost	—				1,353				(1,353)			(100)	%
% of net revenue	—		%		5.0		%						
Total operating expenses	$	11,329			$	11,132			$	197		2	%
% of net revenue	18.6		%		41.3		%						


Table 9: standard_page_063_table_001.csv

Interest income	$	866		$	267		$	599
Interest expense	(257)			(262)			5	
Other, net	237			(48)			285	
Other income (expense), net	$	846		$	(43)		$	889


Table 10: standard_page_064_table_001.csv

Cash and cash equivalents	$	7,280	$	3,389
Marketable securities	18,704		9,907	
Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities	$	25,984	$	13,296


Table 11: standard_page_064_table_002.csv

Net cash provided by operating activities	$	28,090	$	5,641
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities	$	(10,566)	$	7,375
Net cash used in financing activities	$	(13,633)	$	(11,617)


Table 12: standard_page_066_table_001.csv

Due in one year		$	1,250
Due in one to five years		2,250	
Due in five to ten years		2,750	
Due in greater than ten years		3,500	
Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs		(41)	
Net carrying amount		9,709	
Less short-term portion		(1,250)	
Total long-term portion		$	8,459


Table 13: standard_page_076_table_001.csv

Revenue	$	60,922	$	26,974	$	26,914
Cost of revenue	16,621		11,618		9,439	
Gross profit	44,301		15,356		17,475	
Operating expenses						
Research and development	8,675		7,339		5,268	
Sales, general and administrative	2,654		2,440		2,166	
Acquisition termination cost	—		1,353		—	
Total operating expenses	11,329		11,132		7,434	
Operating income	32,972		4,224		10,041	
Interest income	866		267		29	
Interest expense	(257)		(262)		(236)	
Other, net	237		(48)		107	
Other income (expense), net	846		(43)		(100)	
Income before income tax	33,818		4,181		9,941	
Income tax expense (benefit)	4,058		(187)		189	
Net income	$	29,760	$	4,368	$	9,752
						
Net income per share:						
Basic	$	12.05	$	1.76	$	3.91
Diluted	$	11.93	$	1.74	$	3.85
						
Weighted average shares used in per share computation:						
Basic	2,469		2,487		2,496	
Diluted	2,494		2,507		2,535	


Table 14: standard_page_077_table_001.csv

						
Net income	$	29,760	$	4,368	$	9,752
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax						
Available-for-sale securities:						
Net change in unrealized gain (loss)	80		(31)		(16)	
Reclassification adjustments for net realized gain included in net income	—		1		—	
Net change in unrealized gain (loss)	80		(30)		(16)	
Cash flow hedges:						
Net change in unrealized gain (loss)	38		47		(43)	
Reclassification adjustments for net realized gain (loss) included in net
income	(48)		(49)		29	
Net change in unrealized loss	(10)		(2)		(14)	
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax	70		(32)		(30)	
Total comprehensive income	$	29,830	$	4,336	$	9,722


Table 15: standard_page_078_table_001.csv

Assets				
Current assets:				
Cash and cash equivalents	$	7,280	$	3,389
Marketable securities	18,704		9,907	
Accounts receivable, net	9,999		3,827	
Inventories	5,282		5,159	
Prepaid expenses and other current assets	3,080		791	
Total current assets	44,345		23,073	
Property and equipment, net	3,914		3,807	
Operating lease assets	1,346		1,038	
Goodwill	4,430		4,372	
Intangible assets, net	1,112		1,676	
Deferred income tax assets	6,081		3,396	
Other assets	4,500		3,820	
Total assets	$	65,728	$	41,182
				
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity				
Current liabilities:				
Accounts payable	$	2,699	$	1,193
Accrued and other current liabilities	6,682		4,120	
Short-term debt	1,250		1,250	
Total current liabilities	10,631		6,563	
Long-term debt	8,459		9,703	
Long-term operating lease liabilities	1,119		902	
Other long-term liabilities	2,541		1,913	
Total liabilities	22,750		19,081	
Commitments and contingencies - see Note 13				
Shareholders’ equity:				
Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 2 shares authorized; none issued	—		—	
Common stock, $0.001 par value; 8,000 shares authorized; 2,464 shares issued and
outstanding as of January 28, 2024; 2,466 shares issued and outstanding as of January 29,
2023	2		2	
Additional paid-in capital	13,132		11,971	
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)	27		(43)	
Retained earnings	29,817		10,171	
Total shareholders' equity	42,978		22,101	
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity	$	65,728	$	41,182


Table 16: standard_page_079_table_001.csv

(In millions, except per share data)													
Balances, Jan 31, 2021	2,479	$	3	$	8,719	$	(10,756)	$	19	$	18,908	$	16,893
Net income	—	—		—		—		—		9,752		9,752	
Other comprehensive loss	—	—		—		—		(30)		—		(30)	
Issuance of common stock from stock plans	35	—		281		—		—		—		281	
Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units	(8)	—		(614)		(1,290)		—		—		(1,904)	
Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.16 per common share)	—	—		—		—		—		(399)		(399)	
Fair value of partially vested equity awards assumed in
connection with acquisitions	—	—		18		—		—		—		18	
Stock-based compensation	—	—		2,001		—		—		—		2,001	
Retirement of Treasury Stock	—	—		(20)		12,046		—		(12,026)		—	
Balances, Jan 30, 2022	2,506	3		10,385		—		(11)		16,235		26,612	
Net income	—	—		—		—		—		4,368		4,368	
Other comprehensive loss	—	—		—		—		(32)		—		(32)	
Issuance of common stock from stock plans	31	—		355		—		—		—		355	
Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units	(8)	—		(1,475)		—		—		—		(1,475)	
Shares repurchased	(63)	(1)		(4)		—		—		(10,034)		(10,039)	
Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.16 per common share)	—	—		—		—		—		(398)		(398)	
Stock-based compensation	—	—		2,710		—		—		—		2,710	
Balances, Jan 29, 2023	2,466	2		11,971		—		(43)		10,171		22,101	
Net income	—	—		—		—		—		29,760		29,760	
Other comprehensive income	—	—		—		—		70				70	
Issuance of common stock from stock plans	26	—		403		—		—		—		403	
Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units	(7)	—		(2,783)		—		—		—		(2,783)	
Shares repurchased	(21)	—		(27)		—		—		(9,719)		(9,746)	
Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.16 per common share)	—	—		—		—		—		(395)		(395)	
Stock-based compensation	—	—		3,568		—		—		—		3,568	
Balances, Jan 28, 2024	2,464	$	2	$	13,132	$	—	$	27	$	29,817	$	42,978


Table 17: standard_page_080_table_001.csv

Cash flows from operating activities:						
Net income	$	29,760	$	4,368	$	9,752
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating
activities:						
Stock-based compensation expense	3,549		2,709		2,004	
Depreciation and amortization	1,508		1,544		1,174	
Deferred income taxes	(2,489)		(2,164)		(406)	
(Gains) losses on investments in non-affiliated entities, net	(238)		45		(100)	
Acquisition termination cost	—		1,353		—	
Other	(278)		(7)		47	
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:						
Accounts receivable	(6,172)		822		(2,215)	
Inventories	(98)		(2,554)		(774)	
Prepaid expenses and other assets	(1,522)		(1,517)		(1,715)	
Accounts payable	1,531		(551)		568	
Accrued and other current liabilities	2,025		1,341		581	
Other long-term liabilities	514		252		192	
Net cash provided by operating activities	28,090		5,641		9,108	
Cash flows from investing activities:						
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities	9,732		19,425		15,197	
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities	50		1,806		1,023	
Purchases of marketable securities	(18,211)		(11,897)		(24,787)	
Purchases related to property and equipment and intangible assets	(1,069)		(1,833)		(976)	
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired	(83)		(49)		(263)	
Investments in non-affiliated entities and other, net	(985)		(77)		(24)	
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities	(10,566)		7,375		(9,830)	
Cash flows from financing activities:						
Proceeds related to employee stock plans	403		355		281	
Payments related to repurchases of common stock	(9,533)		(10,039)		—	
Payments related to tax on restricted stock units	(2,783)		(1,475)		(1,904)	
Repayment of debt	(1,250)		—		(1,000)	
Dividends paid	(395)		(398)		(399)	
Principal payments on property and equipment and intangible assets	(74)		(58)		(83)	
Issuance of debt, net of issuance costs	—		—		4,977	
Other	(1)		(2)		(7)	
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities	(13,633)		(11,617)		1,865	
Change in cash and cash equivalents	3,891		1,399		1,143	
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period	3,389		1,990		847	
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period	$	7,280	$	3,389	$	1,990
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:						
Cash paid for income taxes, net	$	6,549	$	1,404	$	396
Cash paid for interest	$	252	$	254	$	246


Table 18: standard_page_091_table_001.csv

Fiscal Year:		
2025	$	290
2026	270	
2027	253	
2028	236	
2029	202	
2030 and thereafter	288	
Total	1,539	
Less imputed interest	192	
Present value of net future minimum lease payments	1,347	
Less short-term operating lease liabilities	228	
Long-term operating lease liabilities	$	1,119


Table 19: standard_page_092_table_001.csv

Supplemental cash flows information						
Operating cash flows used for operating leases	$	286	$	184	$	154
Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for
lease obligations	$	531	$	358	$	266


Table 20: standard_page_092_table_002.csv

Cost of revenue	$ 141	$	138	$	141
Research and development	2,532	1,892		1,298	
Sales, general and administrative	876	680		565	
Total	$ 3,549	$	2,710	$	2,004


Table 21: standard_page_092_table_003.csv

RSUs, PSUs and Market-based PSUs					
Awards granted	14	25		18	
Estimated total grant-date fair value	$ 5,316	$	4,505	$	3,492
Weighted average grant-date fair value per share	$ 374.08	$	183.72	$	190.69
					
ESPP					
Shares purchased	3	3		5	
Weighted average price per share	$ 158.07	$	122.54	$	56.36
Weighted average grant-date fair value per share	$ 69.90	$	51.87	$	23.24


Table 22: standard_page_093_table_001.csv

Weighted average expected life (in years)	0.1-2.0	0.1-2.0	0.1-2.0
Risk-free interest rate	3.9%-5.5%	—%-4.6%	—%-0.5%
Volatility	31%-67%	43%-72%	20%-58%
Dividend yield	0.1%	0.1%	0.1%


Table 23: standard_page_094_table_001.csv

	(In millions, except per share data)			
Balances, Jan 29, 2023	45		$	158.45
Granted	14		$	374.08
Vested restricted stock	(21)		$	148.56
Canceled and forfeited	(1)		$	206.35
Balances, Jan 28, 2024	37		$	245.94
Vested and expected to vest after Jan 28, 2024	37		$	245.49


Table 24: standard_page_094_table_002.csv

Numerator:						
Net income	$	29,760	$	4,368	$	9,752
Denominator:						
Basic weighted average shares	2,469		2,487		2,496	
Dilutive impact of outstanding equity awards	25		20		39	
Diluted weighted average shares	2,494		2,507		2,535	
Net income per share:						
Basic (1)	$	12.05	$	1.76	$	3.91
Diluted (2)	$	11.93	$	1.74	$	3.85
Equity awards excluded from diluted net income per share because their effect
would have been anti-dilutive	15		40		21	


Table 25: standard_page_096_table_001.csv

Acquisition-related
intangible assets (1)	$	2,642	$	(1,720)	$	922		$	3,093	$	(1,614)	$	1,479
Patents and licensed
technology	449		(259)		190			446		(249)		197	
Total intangible assets	$	3,091	$	(1,979)	$	1,112		$	3,539	$	(1,863)	$	1,676


Table 26: standard_page_096_table_002.csv

Fiscal Year:		
2025	$	555
2026	261	
2027	150	
2028	37	
2029	9	
2030 and thereafter	100	
Total	$	1,112


Table 27: standard_page_097_table_001.csv

Corporate debt securities	$	10,126	$	31	$	(5)	$	10,152	$	2,231	$	7,921
Debt securities issued by the U.S.
Treasury	9,517		17		(10)		9,524		1,315		8,209	
Debt securities issued by U.S.
government agencies	2,326		8		(1)		2,333		89		2,244	
Money market funds	3,031		—		—		3,031		3,031		—	
Certificates of deposit	510		—		—		510		294		216	
Foreign government bonds	174		—		—		174		60		114	
Total	$	25,684	$	56	$	(16)	$	25,724	$	7,020	$	18,704


Table 28: standard_page_097_table_002.csv

Corporate debt securities	$	4,809	$	—	$	(12)	$	4,797	$	1,087	$	3,710
Debt securities issued by the U.S.
Treasury	4,185		1		(44)		4,142		—		4,142	
Debt securities issued by U.S.
government agencies	1,836		—		(2)		1,834		50		1,784	
Money market funds	1,777		—		—		1,777		1,777		—	
Certificates of deposit	365		—		—		365		134		231	
Foreign government bonds	140		—		—		140		100		40	
Total	$	13,112	$	1	$	(58)	$	13,055	$	3,148	$	9,907


Table 29: standard_page_098_table_001.csv

Debt securities issued by the
U.S. Treasury	$	3,343	$	(5)	$	1,078	$	(5)	$	4,421	$	(10)
Corporate debt securities	1,306		(3)		618		(2)		1,924		(5)	
Debt securities issued by U.S.
government agencies	670		(1)		—		—		670		(1)	
Total	$	5,319	$	(9)	$	1,696	$	(7)	$	7,015	$	(16)


Table 30: standard_page_098_table_002.csv

Debt securities issued by the
U.S. Treasury	$	2,444	$	(21)	$	1,172	$	(23)	$	3,616	$	(44)
Corporate debt securities	1,188		(7)		696		(5)		1,884		(12)	
Debt securities issued by U.S.
government agencies	1,307		(2)		—		—		1,307		(2)	
Total	$	4,939	$	(30)	$	1,868	$	(28)	$	6,807	$	(58)


Table 31: standard_page_098_table_003.csv

Less than one year	$ 16,336	$ 16,329	$ 9,738	$	9,708
Due in 1 - 5 years	9,348	9,395	3,374	3,347	
Total	$ 25,684	$ 25,724	$ 13,112	$	13,055


Table 32: standard_page_099_table_001.csv

Cash equivalents and marketable securities:						
Money market funds	Level 1		$	3,031	$	1,777
Corporate debt securities	Level 2		$	10,152	$	4,797
Debt securities issued by the U.S. Treasury	Level 2		$	9,524	$	4,142
Debt securities issued by U.S. government agencies	Level 2		$	2,333	$	1,834
Certificates of deposit	Level 2		$	510	$	365
Foreign government bonds	Level 2		$	174	$	140
Other assets (Investment in non-affiliated entities):						
Publicly-held equity securities	Level 1		$	225	$	11
						
Liabilities (1)						
0.309% Notes Due 2023	Level 2		$	—	$	1,230
0.584% Notes Due 2024	Level 2		$	1,228	$	1,185
3.20% Notes Due 2026	Level 2		$	970	$	966
1.55% Notes Due 2028	Level 2		$	1,115	$	1,099
2.85% Notes Due 2030	Level 2		$	1,367	$	1,364
2.00% Notes Due 2031	Level 2		$	1,057	$	1,044
3.50% Notes Due 2040	Level 2		$	851	$	870
3.50% Notes Due 2050	Level 2		$	1,604	$	1,637
3.70% Notes Due 2060	Level 2		$	403	$	410


Table 33: standard_page_100_table_001.csv

Carrying amount as of Jan 29, 2023	$	288
Adjustments related to non-marketable equity securities:		
Net additions	859	
Unrealized gains	194	
Impairments and unrealized losses	(20)	
Carrying amount as of Jan 28, 2024	$	1,321


Table 34: standard_page_100_table_002.csv

Cumulative gross unrealized gains	$
Cumulative gross unrealized losses and impairments	(45)


Table 35: standard_page_100_table_003.csv

Raw materials	$	1,719		$	2,430
Work in-process	1,505			466	
Finished goods	2,058			2,263	
Total inventories	$	5,282		$	5,159


Table 36: standard_page_101_table_001.csv

Land	$	218		$	218		(A)
Buildings, leasehold improvements, and furniture	1,816			1,598			(B)
Equipment, compute hardware, and software	5,200			4,303			3-7
Construction in process	189			382			(C)
Total property and equipment, gross	7,423			6,501			
Accumulated depreciation and amortization	(3,509)			(2,694)			
Total property and equipment, net	$	3,914		$	3,807		


Table 37: standard_page_101_table_002.csv

Prepaid supply and capacity agreements (1)	$	2,458	$	2,989
Investments in non-affiliated entities	1,546		299	
Prepaid royalties	364		387	
Other	132		145	
Total other assets	$	4,500	$	3,820


Table 38: standard_page_102_table_001.csv

Customer program accruals	$	2,081	$ 1,196
Excess inventory purchase obligations (1)	1,655		954
Deferred revenue (2)	764		354
Accrued payroll and related expenses	675		530
Product warranty and return provisions	415		108
Taxes payable	296		467
Operating leases	228		176
Unsettled share repurchases	187		117
Licenses and royalties	182		149
Other	199		69
Total accrued and other current liabilities	$	6,682	$ 4,120


Table 39: standard_page_102_table_002.csv

Income tax payable (1)	$	1,361	$ 1,204
Deferred income tax	462		247
Deferred revenue (2)	573		218
Licenses payable	80		181
Other	65		63
Total other long-term liabilities	$	2,541	$ 1,913


Table 40: standard_page_102_table_003.csv

Balance at beginning of period	$	572	$ 502
Deferred revenue additions during the period	2,038		830
Revenue recognized during the period	(1,273)		(760)
Balance at end of period	$	1,337	$ 572


Table 41: standard_page_103_table_001.csv

Designated as cash flow hedges	$	1,168		$	1,128
Non-designated hedges	$	597		$	366


Table 42: standard_page_104_table_001.csv

0.309% Notes Due 2023 (1)		—		0.41%		$	—		$	1,250
0.584% Notes Due 2024		0.4		0.66%		1,250			1,250	
3.20% Notes Due 2026		2.6		3.31%		1,000			1,000	
1.55% Notes Due 2028		4.4		1.64%		1,250			1,250	
2.85% Notes Due 2030		6.2		2.93%		1,500			1,500	
2.00% Notes Due 2031		7.4		2.09%		1,250			1,250	
3.50% Notes Due 2040		16.2		3.54%		1,000			1,000	
3.50% Notes Due 2050		26.2		3.54%		2,000			2,000	
3.70% Notes Due 2060		36.2		3.73%		500			500	
Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs						(41)			(47)	
Net carrying amount						9,709			10,953	
Less short-term portion						(1,250)			(1,250)	
Total long-term portion						$	8,459		$	9,703


Table 43: standard_page_105_table_001.csv

Fiscal Year:		
2025	$	17,316
2026	1,143	
2027	1,060	
2028	770	
2029 and thereafter	418	
Total	$	20,707


Table 44: standard_page_105_table_002.csv

	Year Ended				
	Jan 28, 2024		Jan 29, 2023		Jan 30, 2022


Table 45: standard_page_105_table_003.csv

Balance at beginning of period		$	82		$	46		$	22
Additions		278			145			40	
Utilization		(54)			(109)			(16)	
Balance at end of period		$	306		$	82		$	46


Table 46: standard_page_107_table_001.csv

Federal	$	5,710	$	1,703	$	482
State	335		46		42	
Foreign	502		228		71	
Total current	6,547		1,977		595	
Deferred income taxes:						
Federal	(2,499)		(2,165)		(420)	
State	(206)		—		—	
Foreign	216		1		14	
Total deferred	(2,489)		(2,164)		(406)	
Income tax expense (benefit)	$	4,058	$	(187)	$	189


Table 47: standard_page_107_table_002.csv

U.S.	$	29,495	$	3,477	$	8,446
Foreign	4,323		704		1,495	
Income before income tax	$	33,818	$	4,181	$	9,941


Table 48: standard_page_107_table_003.csv

Tax expense computed at federal statutory rate	$	7,102	21.0	%	$	878	21.0	%	$	2,088	21.0	%
Expense (benefit) resulting from:												
State income taxes, net of federal tax effect	120		0.4	%	50		1.2	%	42		0.4	%
Foreign-derived intangible income	(1,408)		(4.2)	%	(739)		(17.7)	%	(520)		(5.2)	%
Stock-based compensation	(741)		(2.2)	%	(309)		(7.4)	%	(337)		(3.4)	%
Foreign tax rate differential	(467)		(1.4)	%	(83)		(2.0)	%	(497)		(5.0)	%
U.S. federal research and development tax credit	(431)		(1.3)	%	(278)		(6.6)	%	(289)		(2.9)	%
Acquisition termination cost	—		—	%	261		6.2	%	—		—	%
IP domestication	—		—	%	—		—	%	(244)		(2.5)	%
Other	(117)		(0.3)	%	33		0.8	%	(54)		(0.5)	%
Income tax expense (benefit)	$	4,058	12.0	%	$	(187)	(4.5)	%	$	189	1.9	%


Table 49: standard_page_108_table_001.csv

Deferred tax assets:					
Capitalized research and development expenditure	$	3,376		$	1,859
GILTI deferred tax assets	1,576			800	
Accruals and reserves, not currently deductible for tax purposes	1,121			686	
Research and other tax credit carryforwards	936			951	
Net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards	439			409	
Operating lease liabilities	263			193	
Stock-based compensation	106			99	
Property, equipment and intangible assets	4			66	
Other deferred tax assets	179			91	
Gross deferred tax assets	8,000			5,154	
Less valuation allowance	(1,552)			(1,484)	
Total deferred tax assets	6,448			3,670	
Deferred tax liabilities:					
Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries	(502)			(228)	
Operating lease assets	(255)			(179)	
Acquired intangibles	(74)			(115)	
Gross deferred tax liabilities	(831)			(522)	
Net deferred tax asset (1)	$	5,617		$	3,148


Table 50: standard_page_109_table_001.csv

Balance at beginning of period	$	1,238		$	1,013		$	776
Increases in tax positions for current year	616			268			246	
Increases in tax positions for prior years	87			1			14	
Decreases in tax positions for prior years	(148)			(15)			(4)	
Settlements	(104)			(9)			(8)	
Lapse in statute of limitations	(19)			(20)			(11)	
Balance at end of period	$	1,670		$	1,238		$	1,013


Table 51: standard_page_111_table_001.csv

Year Ended Jan 28, 2024:											
Revenue	$	47,405		$	13,517		$	—		$	60,922
Operating income (loss)	$	32,016		$	5,846		$	(4,890)		$	32,972
											
Year Ended Jan 29, 2023:											
Revenue	$	15,068		$	11,906		$	—		$	26,974
Operating income (loss)	$	5,083		$	4,552		$	(5,411)		$	4,224
											
Year Ended Jan 30, 2022:											
Revenue	$	11,046		$	15,868		$	—		$	26,914
Operating income (loss)	$	4,598		$	8,492		$	(3,049)		$	10,041


Table 52: standard_page_112_table_001.csv

Stock-based compensation expense	$	(3,549)	$	(2,710)	$	(2,004)
Unallocated cost of revenue and operating expenses	(728)		(595)		(399)	
Acquisition-related and other costs	(583)		(674)		(636)	
IP-related and legal settlement costs	(40)		(23)		(10)	
Restructuring costs and other	—		(54)		—	
Acquisition termination cost	—		(1,353)		—	
Other	10		(2)		—	
Total	$	(4,890)	$	(5,411)	$	(3,049)


Table 53: standard_page_112_table_002.csv

United States	$	26,966	$	8,292	$	4,349
Taiwan	13,405		6,986		8,544	
China (including Hong Kong)	10,306		5,785		7,111	
Other countries	10,245		5,911		6,910	
Total revenue	$	60,922	$	26,974	$	26,914


Table 54: standard_page_112_table_003.csv

Data Center	$	47,525	$	15,005	$	10,613
Gaming	10,447		9,067		12,462	
Professional Visualization	1,553		1,544		2,111	
Automotive	1,091		903		566	
OEM and Other	306		455		1,162	
Total revenue	$	60,922	$	26,974	$	26,914


Table 55: standard_page_113_table_001.csv

United States	$	2,595		$	2,587
Taiwan	773			702	
Israel	325			283	
Other countries	221			235	
Total long-lived assets	$	3,914		$	3,807


Table 56: standard_page_114_table_001.csv

Allowance for doubtful accounts	$	4	$	—	(1)	$	—	(1)	$	4
Sales return allowance	$	26	$	213	(2)	$	(130)	(4)	$	109
Deferred tax valuation allowance	$	1,484	$	162	(3)	$	(94)	(3)	$	1,552
Fiscal year 2023										
Allowance for doubtful accounts	$	4	$	—	(1)	$	—	(1)	$	4
Sales return allowance	$	13	$	104	(2)	$	(91)	(4)	$	26
Deferred tax valuation allowance	$	907	$	577	(3)	$	—		$	1,484
Fiscal year 2022										
Allowance for doubtful accounts	$	4	$	—	(1)	$	—	(1)	$	4
Sales return allowance	$	17	$	19	(2)	$	(23)	(4)	$	13
Deferred tax valuation allowance	$	728	$	179	(3)	$	—		$	907


--- FINANCIAL TABLES ---

Table 1: financial_page_015_table_001.csv

Table of Contents														
														
or generate enough re	new	able energy to	match 100% o	f ou	r g	lobal electrici	ty usage for	our offi	ces and data c	en	te	rs. In	fiscal year 20	23,
we increased the perc	enta	ge of our total	electricity use	matc	h	ed by renewa	ble energy p	urchas	es to 44%. By	fisc	al	year	2026, we ai	m to
engage manufacturin	g sup	pliers compris	ing at least 67%	of	N	VIDIA’s scop	e 3 category	1 GHG	emissions wit	h g	o	al of	effecting supp	lier
adoption of science-b	ased	targets.												
														
Whether it is creatio	n of	technology t	o power next-g	en	era	tion laptops	or designs	to sup	port high-perf	orm	a	nce	supercomput	ers,
improving energy effic	ienc	y is important i	n our research,	de	ve	lopment, and	design proc	esses.	GPU-accelerat	ed	c	ompu	ting is inhere	ntly
more energy efficient	than	traditional co	mputing for man	y w	o	rkloads becau	se it is optim	ized fo	r throughput,	per	fo	rman	ce per watt,	and
certain AI workloads.	The	energy efficien	cy of our produ	cts	is	evidenced b	y our continu	ed stro	ng presence o	n	th	e Gre	en500 list of	the
most energy-efficient	syst	ems. We powe	red 24 of the t	op	30	most energy	efficient sy	stems,	including the t	op	s	uper	computer, on	the
Green500 list.														
														
We plan to build Ear	th-2,	a digital twin	of the Earth o	n N	VI	DIA AI and	NVIDIA Omn	iverse	platforms. Ear	th-	2	will e	nable scienti	sts,
companies, and polic	y m	akers to do u	ltra-high-resolu	tion	p	redictions of	the impact	of clim	ate change a	nd	e	xplor	e mitigation	and
adaptation strategies.														
														
Human Capital Mana	gem	ent												
														
We believe that our e	mplo	yees are our g	reatest assets,	an	d t	hey play a ke	y role in cre	ating lo	ng-term value	for	o	ur sta	keholders. A	s of
the end of fiscal ye	ar 2	024, we had	approximately	29,	60	0 employees	in 36 coun	tries,	22,200 were	en	ga	ged	in research	and
development and 7,4	00 w	ere engaged i	n sales, market	ing,	o	perations, an	d administra	tive po	sitions. The Co	m	pe	nsati	on Committe	e of
our Board of Directors	assi	sts in the over	sight of policies	and	s	trategies rela	ting to huma	n capita	l managemen	t.				
														
To be competitive an	d exe	cute our busin	ess strategy s	ucc	es	sfully, we mu	st recruit, de	velop,	and retain tale	nte	d	emp	loyees, includ	ing
qualified executives, s	cient	ists, engineers	, and technical	and	n	on-technical s	taff.							
														
Recruitment														
														
As the demand for glo	bal t	echnical talent	continues to b	e co	m	petitive, we h	ave grown o	ur techn	ical workforce	an	d	have	been succes	sful
in attracting top talent	to N	VIDIA. We hav	e attracted tale	nt g	lo	bally through	our strong e	mployer	brand and diff	ere	n	tiated	hiring strate	gies
for college, profession	al, a	nd leadership	talent. Our wor	kfor	ce	is 83% techn	ical and 49	% hold	advanced deg	ree	s.	Addi	tionally, we h	ave
increased focus on d	ivers	ity recruiting, r	esulting in an	incr	ea	se in global	female hiring	in ea	ch channel. O	ur	o	wn e	mployees hel	p to
surface top talent, wit	h ove	r 40% of our n	ew hires in fisc	al ye	a	r 2024 coming	from emplo	yee ref	errals.					
														
Development and Re	tent	ion												
														
To support employee	de	velopment, we	provide oppo	rtun	iti	es to learn o	n-the-job th	rough	training cours	es,	t	arget	ed developm	ent
programs, mentoring	and	peer coaching	and ongoing	feed	b	ack. We have	a library of	live an	d on-demand	le	ar	ning	experiences	that
include workshops, pa	nel	discussions, an	d speaker foru	ms.	W	e create lear	ning paths fo	cused	on our most co	m	mo	n de	velopment ne	eds
and constantly upgrad	e ou	r offerings to e	nsure that our	em	plo	yees are exp	osed to the	most cu	rrent content a	nd	t	echn	ologies availa	ble.
We offer tuition reimb	urse	ment program	s to subsidize	edu	c	ational progra	ms and adv	anced	certifications.	We	i	mple	mented a car	eer
coaching service to p	rovid	e one-on-one	guidance to em	ploy	e	es, and encou	rage interna	l job m	obility. We hav	e i	m	plem	ented specific	ally
designed mentoring	and	development	programs for w	om	en	and employ	ees from tr	aditiona	lly underrepre	se	nt	ed g	roups to ens	ure
widespread readiness	for f	uture advance	ment.											
														
To evaluate employee	sen	timent and en	gagement, we	use	p	ulse surveys,	a suggestio	n box,	and an anony	m	ou	s thir	d-party platfo	rm.
Pulse surveys help u	s ga	in insight into	employee expe	rie	nc	e and provide	s employee	-genera	ted ideas so	tha	t	we c	an take targe	ted
action. The suggestio	n bo	x is an always-	on, interactive	tool	w	here employe	es share th	eir thou	ghts about ma	kin	g	our c	ompany a be	tter
place to work. The a	nony	mous third-pa	rty platform is	des	ig	ned to protec	t the identity	of the	reporter and	pr	ov	ide a	mechanism	for
reporters to follow an	inves	tigation and re	ceive response	s.										
														
We want NVIDIA to b	e a p	lace where pe	ople can build	thei	r c	areers over t	heir lifetime.	Our em	ployees tend	to	co	me a	nd stay. In fi	scal
year 2024, our overall	turn	over rate was	2.7%.											
														
Compensation, Bene	fits,	and Well-Bei	ng											
														
Our compensation p	rogra	m rewards p	erformance an	d is	s	tructured to	encourage	employ	ees to invest	in	th	e C	ompany’s fut	ure.
Employees receive eq	uity,	except where	unavailable du	e to	l	ocal regulatio	ns, that is tie	d to th	e value of our	sto	ck	pric	e and vests o	ver
time to retain employe	es w	hile simultane	ously aligning th	eir	int	erests with th	ose of our sh	arehol	ders.					
														
We offer comprehensi	ve b	enefits to supp	ort our employe	es’	an	d their familie	s’ physical h	ealth, w	ell-being, and	fin	a	ncial	health. Progra	ms
include 401(k) progra	ms i	n the U.S., st	atutory and su	pple	m	ental pension	programs o	utside	the U.S., our	em	p	loyee	stock purch	ase
program, flexible work	hou	rs, and time of	f policies to ad	dres	s	mental health	, stress, and	time-m	anagement ch	all	en	ges.	We evaluate	our
benefit offerings globa	lly a	nd aim to prov	ide comparabl	e su	pp	ort across th	e regions wh	ere we	operate. We	are	c	omm	itted to provid	ing
tailored benefits base	d on	the needs of o	ur Community	Res	ou	rce Groups a	nd continuin	g our s	upport for pare	nts	,	both	new birth pare	nts
and those who wish to	bec	ome parents.												
														
ps://www.sec.gov/Archive	s/ed	gar/data/104581	0/000104581024	0000	29	/nvda-2024012	8.htm							15/118


Table 2: financial_page_019_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:5	8	PM												nvd	a-20	24	0128											
																														
	Table	of	C	ontents																										
																														
	•		I	nternational	s	al	es and	operations	are	a si	gnifi	ca	nt	pa	rt o	f our	busi	n	ess, which	e	x	pos	es u	s to	ris	ks	that c	ould h	arm	our
				business.																										
																														
	•			Product, syst	e	m	security	and data b	rea	ches	and	cy	be	r-	attac	ks co	uld	di	srupt our o	p	er	atio	ns a	nd a	dve	rse	ly affe	ct our	finan	cial
				condition, sto	ck		price and	reputation.																						
																														
	•			Business disr	u	pt	ions coul	d harm our	op	eratio	ns a	nd	fin	a	ncial	resul	ts.													
																														
	•			Climate chang	e		may hav	e a long-ter	m i	mpact	on	ou	r b	us	ines	s.														
																														
	•			We may not	b	e	able to	realize th	e p	otenti	al	ben	efi	ts	of	busin	ess i	n	vestments	o	r	acq	uisiti	ons,	no	r s	ucces	sfully	integ	rate
				acquisition tar	g	e	ts.																							
																														
	•			A significant a	m		ount of o	ur revenue	ste	ms fr	om	a l	imi	te	d nu	mber	of p	ar	tners and d	i	st	ribu	tors	and	we	ha	ve a c	oncen	tratio	n of
				sales to end	cu	s	tomers,	and our rev	en	ue co	uld	be	ad	ve	rsel	y affe	cted	if	we lose or	a	r	e p	reven	ted	fro	m s	elling t	o any	of th	ese
				end customer	s.																									
																														
	•			We may be u	na	b	le to attr	act, retain a	nd	motiv	ate	ou	r e	xe	cutiv	es an	d ke	y	employees	.										
																														
	•			Modification o	r	in	terruptio	n of our bus	in	ess pr	oce	sse	s	an	d inf	ormat	ion s	y	stems may	d	is	rup	t our	busi	nes	s, a	nd int	ernal c	ontro	ls.
																														
	•			Our operating		re	sults ha	ve in the p	ast	fluctu	ate	d a	nd		may	in the	futu	re	fluctuate,	a	n	d if	our	oper	ati	ng r	esults	are b	elow	the
				expectations	of	s	ecurities	analysts or	in	vestor	s, o	ur	sto	ck	pric	e cou	ld d	ec	line.											
																														
	Risk	s R	e	lated to Reg	ul	a	tory, Leg	al, Our St	ock	and	Oth	er	Ma	tt	ers															
																														
	•			We are subje	c	t	to comp	lex laws, r	ule	s and	re	gul	ati	on	s, a	nd p	olitica	l	and other	a	ct	ion	s, w	hich	ma	y a	dvers	ely im	pact	our
				business.																										
																														
	•		I	ncreased scr	u	ti	ny from	shareholder	s,	regul	ator	s,	an	d	other	s reg	ardi	ng	our corpo	ra	t	e s	ustai	nabili	ty	pra	ctices	could	resul	t in
				financial, repu	t	at	ional, or	operational	ha	rm an	d lia	bil	ity.																	
																														
	•		I	ssues relatin	g	to	the resp	onsible use	o	f our t	ech	nol	ogi	es	, inc	ludin	g AI,	m	ay result in	r	ep	uta	tiona	l or f	ina	nci	al har	m and	liabili	ty.
																														
	•			Adequately pr	o	te	cting ou	r IP rights c	ou	ld be	cost	ly,	an	d	our	ability	to c	om	pete could		be	ha	rme	d if w	e	are	unsuc	cessfu	l or if	we
				are prohibited	f	ro	m makin	g or selling	ou	r prod	uct	s.																		
																														
	•			We are subje	ct	t	o stringe	nt and chan	gi	ng dat	a pr	iva	cy	a	nd s	ecurit	y law	s,	rules, regu	l	at	ion	s, an	d oth	er	obli	gation	s. The	se ar	eas
				could damage		o	ur reputa	tion, deter c	us	tomer	s, a	ffec	t p	ro	duct	desi	gn, o	r r	esult in leg	al	o	r re	gula	tory	pro	cee	dings	and lia	bility.	
																														
	•			Our operating		re	sults ma	y be adver	sel	y imp	acte	d	by	a	dditio	nal t	ax lia	b	ilities, high	er	t	ha	n exp	ecte	d t	ax r	ates,	chang	es in	tax
			l	aws, and oth	er	t	ax-relate	d factors.																						
																														
	•			Our business	is		exposed	to the risks	as	sociat	ed	with	lit	ig	ation	, inve	stiga	ti	ons, and re	g	ul	ato	ry pro	cee	din	gs.				
																														
	•			Our indebted	n	e	ss could	adversely	a	ffect	our	fin	an	ci	al p	ositio	n an	d	cash flow	s	f	ro	m op	erati	ons	a	nd pr	event	us f	rom
			i	mplementing	o	u	r strateg	y or fulfilling	ou	r cont	rac	tua	l o	bli	gatio	ns.														
																														
	•			Delaware law	,	p	rovisions	in our gov	ern	ing d	ocu	me	nts	a	nd	our a	gree	me	nt with Mi	cr	o	soft	coul	d de	lay	or	preve	nt a c	hang	e in
				control.																										
																														
	Risk	Fa	c	tors																										
																														
	Risk	s R	e	lated to Our	In	d	ustry an	d Markets																						
																														
	Failu	re	t	o meet the ev	o	l	ving nee	ds of our i	nd	ustry	and	m	ar	ke	ts m	ay ad	vers	e	ly impact o	u	r	fin	anci	al re	sul	ts.				
																														
	Our	ac	ce	lerated comp	u	ti	ng platf	orms exper	ien	ce ra	pid	ch	an	ge	s in	tech	nolo	gy	, customer		re	qui	reme	nts,	co	mp	etitive	produ	cts,	and
	indus	try	s	tandards.																										
																														
	Our s	uc	c	ess depends	o	n	our abilit	y to:																						
																														
	•		t	imely identify		in	dustry c	hanges, a	dap	t our	str	ate	gie	s,	and	dev	elop	n	ew or enh	a	n	ce	and	main	tai	n e	xisting	prod	ucts	and
				technologies	th	a	t meet t	he evolving	n	eeds o	f th	es	e	ma	rket	s, inc	ludin	g	due to un	ex	p	ect	ed c	hang	es	in i	ndustr	y stan	dard	s or
				disruptive tec	h	no	logical in	novation th	at	could	ren	der	ou	r	prod	ucts i	ncom	p	atible with	pr	o	duc	ts de	velo	pe	d by	other	comp	anies	;
																														
htt	ps://w	ww	.s	ec.gov/Archive	s/	ed	gar/data/	1045810/000	10	458102	400	002	9/	nv	da-20	24012	8.ht	m												19/118


Table 3: financial_page_021_table_001.csv

Table of Contents														
														
• develo	p or acquir	e new prod	ucts and tech	nologies through	investments	in resear	ch	and develop	me	nt;				
														
• launch	new offer	ings with	new business	models includi	ng software,	services	, a	nd cloud s	olut	ions,	as	well	as softwa	re-,
infrastr	ucture-, or	platform-a	s-a-service so	lutions;										
														
• expand	the ecosy	stem for o	ur products an	d technologies;										
														
• meet e	volving an	d prevailing	customer an	d industry safety,	security, reli	ability exp	ect	ations, and	co	mplian	ce st	anda	rds;	
														
• manag	e product a	nd softwar	e lifecycles to	maintain custom	er and end-u	ser satisf	act	ion;						
														
• develo	p, acquire,	maintain,	and secure	access to the in	ternal and	external i	nfr	astructure n	ee	ded to	sc	ale o	ur busin	ess,
includi	ng sufficie	nt energy	for powering	data centers u	sing our pr	oducts, a	cqu	isition inte	grat	ions,	cust	omer	support,	e-
comme	rce, IP lice	nsing capa	bilities and cl	oud service capa	city; and									
														
• comple	te technica	l, financial	, operational,	compliance, sale	s and marke	ting invest	me	nts for the a	bo	ve acti	vitie	s.		
														
We have inves	ted in res	earch and	development	in markets whe	re we have	a limite	d o	perating hi	sto	ry, wh	ich	may	not prod	uce
meaningful reve	nue for se	veral years	, if at all. If we	fail to develop o	r monetize n	ew produ	cts	and techno	logi	es, or	if th	ey d	o not beco	me
widely adopted,	our financ	ial results	could be adve	rsely affected. Ob	taining desi	gn wins m	ay	involve a le	ngt	hy pro	ces	s and	depends	on
our ability to ant	icipate an	d provide f	eatures and fu	nctionality that c	ustomers wil	l demand	. T	hey also do	not	guar	ante	e rev	enue. Fai	lure
to obtain a desig	n win may	prevent u	s from obtainin	g future design	wins in subs	equent ge	ner	ations. We	can	not en	sure	that	the prod	ucts
and technologie	s we bring	to market	will provide v	alue to our custo	mers and p	artners. If	we	fail any of	the	se ke	y su	cces	s criteria,	our
financial results	may be ha	rmed.												
														
We have begun	offering e	nterprise c	ustomers NVI	DIA DGX Cloud	services dire	ctly and t	hro	ugh our net	wo	rk of p	artn	ers,	which incl	ude
cloud-based infr	astructure	, software	and services	for training and	deploying AI	models,	an	d NVIDIA A	I F	ounda	tions	for	customiza	ble
pretrained AI m	odels. We	have partn	ered with CSP	s to host such s	oftware and	services i	n t	heir data ce	nte	rs, an	d we	ente	red and	may
continue to ente	r into mult	i-year clou	d service agre	ements to suppo	rt these offe	rings and	ou	r research	and	devel	opm	ent a	ctivities.	The
timing and avai	lability of	these clou	d services ha	s changed and	may contin	ue to cha	ng	e, impactin	g o	ur rev	enu	e, ex	penses,	and
development tim	elines. NV	IDIA DGX	Cloud service	s may not be suc	cessful and	will take t	im	e, resources	, a	nd inv	estm	ent.	We also o	ffer
or plan to offer	standalon	e software	solutions, incl	uding NVIDIA AI	Enterprise,	NVIDIA O	m	niverse, NV	IDI	A DRI	VE,	and	several ot	her
software solutio	ns. These	new busin	ess models or	strategies may n	ot be succe	ssful, and	we	may fail to	sel	l any	mea	ningf	ul standal	one
software or serv	ices. We m	ay incur si	gnificant costs	and may not ac	hieve any sig	nificant re	ve	nue from th	ese	offeri	ngs.			
														
Competition co	uld adver	sely impa	ct our market	share and finan	cial results	.								
														
Our target mar	kets remai	n competit	ive, and com	petition may inte	nsify with e	xpanding	an	d changing	pr	oduct	and	serv	ice offerin	gs,
industry standar	ds, custom	er needs,	new entrants	and consolidatio	ns. Our com	petitors’	pro	ducts, servi	ces	and t	echn	olog	ies, includ	ing
those mentione	d above in	this Annua	l Report on F	orm 10-K, may be	cheaper or	provide b	ett	er functiona	lity	or fea	ture	s tha	n ours, w	hich
has resulted an	d may in t	he future r	esult in lower-	than-expected se	lling prices f	or our pr	odu	cts. Some	of o	ur co	mpet	itors	operate t	heir
own fabrication	facilities,	and have l	onger operati	ng histories, larg	er custome	r bases,	mor	e compreh	ens	ive IP	por	tfolio	s and pa	tent
protections, mor	e design w	ins, and g	reater financia	l, sales, marketin	g and distrib	ution res	our	ces than we	do	. Thes	e co	mpe	titors may	be
able to acquire	market sha	re and/or p	revent us fro	m doing so, more	effectively i	dentify an	d c	apitalize up	on	opport	uniti	es in	new mark	ets
and end-user tr	ends, more	quickly tr	ansition their p	roducts, and imp	inge on our	ability to	pro	cure sufficie	nt	foundr	y ca	pacit	y and sca	rce
input materials	during a	supply-con	strained envir	onment, which c	ould harm	our busin	es	s. Some of	ou	r cust	ome	rs h	ave in-ho	use
expertise and in	ternal dev	elopment c	apabilities sim	ilar to some of o	urs and can	use or de	ve	lop their ow	n s	olution	s to	repl	ace those	we
are providing. F	or example	, others m	ay offer cloud	-based services t	hat compete	with our	AI	cloud servic	e o	ffering	s, a	nd w	e may not	be
able to establish	market sh	are sufficie	nt to achieve	the scale necess	ary to meet	our busine	ss	objectives.	If w	e are	una	ble to	successf	ully
compete in this	environme	nt, deman	d for our produ	cts, services and	technologie	s could d	ecr	ease and w	e m	ay no	t es	tablis	h meanin	gful
revenue.														
														
Risks Related t	o Demand	, Supply a	nd Manufact	uring										
														
Failure to estim	ate custo	mer dema	nd accurately	has led and co	uld lead to	mismatch	es	between s	up	ply an	d de	man	d.	
														
We use third p	arties to m	anufacture	and assembl	e our products,	and we hav	e long m	anu	facturing le	ad	times.	We	are	not provi	ded
guaranteed waf	er, compon	ent and ca	pacity supply,	and our supply d	eliveries an	d producti	on	may be no	n-lin	ear w	ithin	a qu	arter or y	ear.
If our estimates	of custome	r demand	are inaccurate	, as we have exp	erienced in	the past,	the	re could be	a s	ignific	ant	mism	atch betw	een
supply and de	mand. This	mismatch	has resulted	in both produc	t shortages	and exc	ess	inventory,	ha	s varie	d a	cros	s our ma	rket
platforms, and h	as signific	antly harm	ed our financia	l results.										
														
We build finishe	d products	and maint	ain inventory i	n advance of ant	icipated dem	and. Whi	le	we have in t	he	past e	nter	ed a	nd may in	the
future enter into	long-term	supply and	capacity com	mitments, we ma	y not be abl	e to secur	e s	ufficient						
														
ps://www.sec.gov/	Archives/ed	gar/data/104	5810/00010458	1024000029/nvda-	20240128.htm									21/118


Table 4: financial_page_025_table_001.csv

Table of Contents												
												
transitions, and	we may	be unable to s	ell m	ultiple product arc	h	itecture	s at the same	time for current and	future archite	cture	transition	s. If
we are unable to	execut	e our architec	tural	transitions as pla	nn	ed for	any reason, o	ur financial results m	ay be negati	vely im	pacted.	The
increasing frequ	ency an	d complexity	of ne	wly introduced pr	o	ducts m	ay result in u	nanticipated quality	or productio	n issue	s that co	uld
increase the ma	gnitude	of inventory	provi	sions, warranty o	r	other c	osts or result	in product delays.	Deployment	of new	product	s to
customers creat	es addit	ional challenge	s du	e to the complexit	y	of our t	echnologies,	which has impacted	and may in th	e futur	e impact	the
timing of custom	er purc	hases or other	wise	impact our dema	n	d. Whil	e we have ma	naged prior product	transitions a	nd hav	e previo	usly
sold multiple pro	duct ar	chitectures at t	he s	ame time, these tr	a	nsition	s are difficult,	may impair our abili	ty to predict d	emand	and imp	act
our supply mix, a	nd we	may incur addi	tiona	l costs.								
												
Many end custo	mers o	ften do not pu	rcha	se directly from u	s	but in	stead purchas	e indirectly through	multiple OE	Ms, OD	Ms, sys	tem
integrators, distri	butors,	and other cha	nnel	partners. As a res	u	lt, the	decisions mad	e by our multiple O	EMs, ODMs,	system	integrat	ors,
distributors, and	other	channel partne	rs,	and in response t	o	chang	ing market co	nditions and chang	es in end-us	er dem	and for	our
products, have i	mpacted	and could in t	he fu	ture continue to i	m	pact ou	r ability to pro	perly forecast deman	d, particularly	as th	ey are ba	sed
on estimates pro	vided b	y various down	stre	am parties.								
												
If we underestim	ate our	customers' fu	ture	demand for our pr	o	ducts,	our foundry pa	rtners may not have	adequate le	ad-tim	e or capa	city
to increase prod	uction	and we may n	ot b	e able to obtain s	u	fficient	inventory to f	ill orders on a timel	y basis. Eve	n if we	are abl	e to
increase supply	to mee	t customer de	man	d, we may not b	e	able t	o do so in a	timely manner, or o	ur contract	manufa	cturers	may
experience supp	ly const	raints. If we c	anno	t procure sufficien	t	supply	to meet dema	nd or otherwise fail t	o fulfill our cu	stome	rs’ orders	on
a timely basis, or	at all,	our customer r	elatio	nships could be d	a	maged,	we could lose	revenue and marke	t share and o	ur rep	utation co	uld
be harmed. Addi	tionally,	since some o	f our	products are part	o	f a co	mplex data cen	ter buildout, supply	constraints o	r avail	ability iss	ues
with respect to a	ny one	component ha	ve ha	d and may have a		broader	revenue impa	ct.				
												
If we overestima	te our c	ustomers’ futu	re de	mand for our prod	u	cts, or i	f customers c	ancel or defer orders	or choose to	purch	ase from	our
competitors, we	may no	t be able to re	duce	our inventory or o	t	her con	tractual purch	ase commitments. I	n the past, we	have	experien	ced
a reduction in a	verage	selling prices	, inc	luding due to cha	n	nel pri	cing program	s that we have imp	lemented an	d may	continue	to
implement, as a	result o	f our overestim	atio	n of future demand	,	and w	e may need to	continue these redu	ctions. We ha	ve ha	d to incre	ase
prices for certain	of our	products as a r	esul	t of our suppliers’ i	n	crease	in prices, and	we may need to con	tinue to do s	o for ot	her prod	ucts
in the future. We	have a	lso written dow	n ou	r inventory, incurr	ed	cance	llation penaltie	s, and recorded imp	airments and	may h	ave to do	so
in the future. The	se imp	acts were amp	lified	by our placement	o	f non-c	ancellable and	non-returnable pur	chasing terms	well i	n advanc	e of
our historical lea	d time	s and could b	e ex	acerbated if we n	e	ed to m	ake changes	to the design of fu	ture products	. The	risk of th	ese
impacts has inc	reased	and may con	tinue	to increase as o	u	r purc	hase obligatio	ns and prepaids ha	ve grown an	d are	expected	to
continue to grow	and b	ecome a great	er p	ortion of our total	s	upply.	All of these fa	ctors may negativel	y impact our	gross	margins	and
financial results.												
												
We build techno	logy an	d introduce pr	oduc	ts for new and inn	o	vative	use cases and	applications, such	as NVIDIA D	GX Clo	ud servic	es,
NVIDIA AI Foun	dations,	Omniverse pl	atfor	m, LLMs, and gen	e	rative A	I models. Our	demand estimates	for new use c	ases,	applicatio	ns,
and services ca	n be in	correct and cr	eate	volatility in our re	v	enue o	r supply level	s, and we may not	be able to g	enerat	e signific	ant
revenue from the	se use	cases, applica	tions	, and services. Re	c	ent tec	hnologies, suc	h as generative AI m	odels, have e	merge	d, and w	hile
they have driven	increas	ed demand fo	r Dat	a Center, the long	-t	erm tra	jectory is unkn	own. Because our p	roducts may	be use	d in mult	iple
use cases and a	pplicatio	ns, it is difficul	t for	us to estimate wit	h	any rea	sonable degre	e of precision the im	pact of gene	rative	AI models	on
our reported rev	enue o	r forecasted d	ema	nd. Additionally, w	e	started	shipping our	CPU product offeri	ngs, the Grac	e CPU	and Gr	ace
Hopper Superch	ips, in t	he third quarte	r of fi	scal year 2024. O	u	r ability	to adequately	predict our CPU de	mand may cr	eate vo	latility in	our
revenue or suppl	y levels	.										
												
Challenges in es	timating	demand coul	d be	come more pronou	n	ced or	volatile in the	future on both a glo	bal and region	al bas	is. Exten	ded
lead times may	occur if	we experienc	e ot	her supply constra	i	nts cau	sed by natura	l disasters, pandem	ics or other	events.	In addit	ion,
geopolitical tensi	ons, su	ch as those in	volvi	ng Taiwan and Chi	n	a, whic	h comprise a s	ignificant portion of	our revenue	and wh	ere we h	ave
suppliers, contra	ct manu	facturers, and	ass	embly partners wh	o	are cri	tical to our sup	ply continuity, could	have a mate	rial ad	verse imp	act
on us.												
												
The use of our	GPUs	other than tha	t for	which they were	d	esigne	d and market	ed, including new a	nd unexpect	ed use	cases,	has
impacted and ca	n in the	future impact	dem	and for our produ	c	ts, incl	uding by leadi	ng to inconsistent s	pikes and dro	ps in	demand.	For
example, severa	l years	ago, our Gami	ng G	PUs began to be	u	sed for	mining digital	currencies, such as	Ethereum. It	is diffi	cult for u	s to
estimate with an	y reaso	nable degree	of pr	ecision the past o	r	current	impact of cry	ptocurrency mining,	or forecast t	he futu	re impac	t of
cryptocurrency m	ining,	on demand for	our	products. Volatilit	y	in the	cryptocurrency	market, including n	ew compute	techno	logies, p	rice
changes in cryp	tocurren	cies, governm	ent	cryptocurrency po	li	cies an	d regulations,	new cryptocurrenc	y standards a	nd ch	anges in	the
method of verify	ing blo	ckchain transa	ction	s, has impacted	a	nd can	in the future	impact cryptocurre	ncy mining a	nd dem	and for	our
products and ca	n furthe	r impact our a	bility	to estimate dema	n	d for o	ur products. C	hanges to cryptocu	rrency standa	rds an	d proces	ses
including, but no	t limite	d to, the Ether	eum	2.0 merge in 20	22	, have	reduced and	may in the future d	ecrease the	usage	of GPUs	for
Ethereum mining	. This h	as created an	d ma	y in the future crea	t	e incre	ased aftermark	et sales of our				
												
						17						
												
ps://www.sec.gov/A	rchives/	edgar/data/1045	810/0	0010458102400002	9	/nvda-20	240128.htm					25/118


Table 5: financial_page_027_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:	58	PM											nv	da-20240128									
																									
	Table	of	C	onte	nts																				
																									
	GPU	s,	w	hich	c	ould n	eg	ati	ve	ly i	mpact	reta	il prices fo	r our GPUs and red	uc	e demand fo	r ou	r new	GPUs.	In	g	eneral, o	ur n	ew product	s or
	prev	iou	sl	y so	ld	produ	ct	s	ma	y be	resol	d on	line or on t	he unauthorized “g	ray	market,” wh	ich	also m	akes de	m	a	nd foreca	stin	g difficult. G	ray
	mark	et	pr	od	uct	s and	re	se	ller	ma	rketpl	ace	s compete	with our new produ	cts	and distribu	tion	chann	els.						
																									
	Addi	tio	na	lly,	we	dep	en	d	on	de	velope	rs,	customers	and other third p	arti	es to build	, en	hance,	and m	ai	nt	ain acce	lera	ted compu	ting
	appli	ca	tio	ns	tha	t leve	ra	ge	ou	r p	latform	s.	We also rel	y on third-party con	ten	t providers	and	publis	hers to	m	ak	e their c	onte	nt available	on
	our	pla	tfo	rm	s,	such	as	G	e	Forc	e NO	W.	Failure by	developers, custo	me	rs, and oth	er th	ird pa	rties to	b	u	ild, enha	nce,	and main	tain
	appli	ca	tio	ns	th	at leve	ra	ge	o	ur	platfor	ms,	or failure	by third-party cont	ent	providers	or p	ublishe	rs to m	a	ke	their co	nte	nt available	on
	reas	on	ab	le t	erm	s or	at	all	for	us	e by o	ur c	ustomers o	r end users on our	pla	tforms, coul	d ad	versely	affect	cu	st	omer de	man	d.	
																									
	Dep	en	de	nc	y o	n thir	d-	pa	rt	y s	upplie	rs a	nd their t	echnology to man	uf	acture, ass	emb	le, tes	t, or p	ac	ka	ge our	prod	ucts redu	ces
	our	co	nt	rol	o	ver pr	o	du	ct	qu	antity	an	d quality,	manufacturing yi	eld	s, and pro	duct	deliv	ery sc	he	d	ules and	co	uld harm	our
	busi	ne	ss	.																					
																									
	We	de	pe	nd	on	foun	dr	ies	t	o m	anufa	ctur	e our sem	iconductor wafers	usi	ng their fa	brica	tion e	quipme	nt	a	nd techn	ique	s. We do	not
	asse	mb	le	, t	est,	or p	ac	ka	ge	ou	r pro	duct	s, but inst	ead contract with	ind	ependent s	ubco	ntract	ors. Th	es	e	subcont	ract	ors assist	with
	proc	uri	ng	co	mp	onen	ts	us	ed	in	our s	yste	ms, board	s, and products.	We	face sever	al ri	sks wh	ich ha	ve	a	dversely	aff	ected or co	uld
	adve	rs	ely	aff	ec	t our a	bi	lity	to	me	et cus	tom	er demand	and scale our sup	ply	chain, nega	tively	impa	ct longe	r-	te	rm dema	nd f	or our prod	ucts
	and	ser	vi	ces	, a	nd ad	ve	rse	ly	affe	ct our	bus	iness oper	ations, gross margi	n, r	evenue and	/or fi	nancia	l result	s,	in	cluding:			
																									
		•	l	ack	o	f guar	a	nte	ed	su	pply o	f w	afer, comp	onent and capacity	o	r decommit	ment	and	potentia	l	hi	gher waf	er a	nd compon	ent
				pric	es,	from	in	co	rre	ctly	estim	atin	g demand	and failing to place	or	ders with ou	r su	ppliers	with s	uff	ici	ent quan	titie	s or in a tim	ely
				ma	nne	r;																			
																									
		•	f	ailu	re	by ou	r f	ou	nd	ries	or co	ntra	ct manufac	turers to procure r	aw	materials or	pro	vide a	dequate	l	ev	els of ma	nuf	acturing or	test
				cap	aci	ty for	ou	r p	ro	duc	ts;														
																									
		•	f	ailu	re	by ou	r	fou	nd	ries	to de	velo	p, obtain o	r successfully impl	em	ent high qu	ality	proces	s techn	ol	o	gies, incl	udin	g transition	s to
				sm	alle	r geo	m	etr	y	pro	cess t	ech	nologies s	uch as advanced	pr	ocess node	tec	hnolog	ies an	d	m	emory d	esig	ns needed	to
				ma	nuf	acture	o	ur	pr	odu	cts;														
																									
		•	f	ailu	re	by ou	r s	up	pli	ers	to co	mply	with our p	olicies and expecta	tion	s and emer	ging	regula	tory req	ui	re	ments;			
																									
		•	l	imi	ted	num	be	r	an	d g	eogra	phic	concentr	ation of global su	ppli	ers, foundri	es,	contra	ct man	uf	ac	turers, a	sse	mbly and	test
				pro	vid	ers an	d	m	em	ory	manuf	act	urers;												
																									
		•	l	oss	of	a sup	p	lier	a	nd	additio	nal	expense a	nd/or production de	lay	s as a resul	t of q	ualifyi	ng a ne	w	fo	undry or	sub	contractor	and
				com	m	encing	v	ol	um	e p	roduct	ion	or testing in	the event of a loss	, a	ddition or ch	ang	e of a	supplier	;					
																									
		•	l	ack	of	direc	t c	on	tro	l ov	er pro	duct	quantity, q	uality and delivery	sch	edules;									
																									
		•		sup	pli	ers or	t	he	ir	sup	pliers	faili	ng to sup	ply high quality pr	od	ucts and/or	ma	king c	hanges	t	o	their pro	duc	ts without	our
				qua	lifi	cation;																			
																									
		•		dela	ys	in pr	od	uc	t s	hip	ments,	sho	rtages, a	decrease in produc	t q	uality and/or	high	er exp	enses	in	th	e event	our	subcontrac	tors
				or f	oun	dries	pr	ior	itiz	e o	ur com	pet	itors’ or oth	er customers’ orde	rs	over ours;									
																									
		•		req	uire	ment	s	to	pl	ace	order	s th	at are not	cancellable upon	ch	anges in d	ema	nd or	require	m	en	ts to pr	epay	for suppl	y in
				adv	an	ce;																			
																									
		•	l	ow	m	anufac	tu	rin	g	yiel	ds resu	ltin	g from a fai	lure in our product	de	sign or a fou	ndry	’s prop	rietary	pr	oc	ess tech	nolo	gy; and	
																									
		•		disr	up	tions i	n	ma	nu	fac	turing,	ass	embly and	other processes d	ue	to closures r	elat	ed to h	eat wa	ve	s,	earthqua	kes	, fires, or ot	her
				nat	ura	l disas	te	rs	an	d e	lectrici	ty c	onservatio	n efforts.											
																									
	Defe	ct	s i	n o	ur	prod	u	cts	h	ave	caus	ed	and could	cause us to incur	si	gnificant e	xpen	ses t	o reme	di	at	e, which	ca	n damage	our
	repu	tat	io	n a	nd	caus	e	us	to	lo	se ma	rket	share.												
																									
	Our	ha	rd	war	e a	nd so	ft	wa	re	pro	duct a	nd	service offe	rings are complex.	Th	ey have in	the	past a	nd may	in	t	he future	con	tain defect	s or
	secu	rity		vuln	er	abilitie	s	or	e	xpe	rience	fai	lures or u	nsatisfactory perfo	rm	ance due t	o an	y num	ber of	i	ss	ues in d	esig	n, fabricat	ion,
	pack	ag	in	g,	mat	erials	, b	ug	s	and	/or us	e w	ithin a sys	tem. These risks m	ay	increase a	s ou	r prod	ucts ar	e	in	troduced	into	new devic	es,
	mark	et	s,	tec	hn	ologie	s a	nd	a	ppli	cation	s or	as new ve	rsions are released	. T	hese risks fu	rthe	r incre	ase wh	en	w	e rely on	par	tners to su	pply
	and	m	an	ufa	ctu	re co	m	po	nen	ts	that a	re u	sed in ou	r products, as the	se	arrangemen	ts r	educe	our dir	ec	t	control o	ver	production	. AI
	softw	ar	e	pro	du	cts we	o	r o	ur	par	tners o	ffer	rely on												
																									
htt	ps://w	ww	.s	ec.g	ov/	Archiv	es	/ed	ga	r/da	ta/1045	810	/000104581	024000029/nvda-202	401	28.htm									27/118


Table 6: financial_page_031_table_001.csv

Table of Contents										
										
Adverse develop	ments affe	cting financial	institutions, such a	s bank failures	or instability, or co	n	cerns or spec	ulation about	similar eve	nts
or risks, could l	ead to mar	ket-wide liqui	dity problems and	other disrupti	ons, which could i	m	pact our cust	omers’ ability	to fulfill t	heir
payment obligati	ons to us, o	ur vendors’ a	bility to fulfill their co	ntractual oblig	ations to us, or our	a	bility to fulfill o	ur own obliga	tions.	
										
Additionally, we	maintain a	n investment	portfolio of various	holdings, type	s, and maturities.	T	hese investm	ents are subje	ct to gen	eral
credit, liquidity,	market and	interest rate	risks, which may b	e exacerbate	d by market downt	u	rns or events	that affect gl	obal finan	cial
markets, as des	cribed abov	e. A majority	of our investment p	ortfolio compr	ises USG securitie	s.	A decline in	global financia	l markets	for
long periods or a	downgrad	e of the USG	credit rating due to	an actual or	threatened default	o	n government	debt could re	sult in hig	her
interest rates, a	decline in t	he value of th	e U.S. dollar, reduc	ed market liq	uidity or other adve	r	se conditions.	These factors	could ca	use
an unrealized or	realized los	s position in	our investments or r	equire us to re	cord impairment ch	a	rges.			
										
International sa	les and o	perations ar	e a significant pa	rt of our bus	iness, which exp	o	ses us to ri	sks that cou	ld harm	our
business.										
										
We sell our prod	ucts intern	ationally, and	we also have oper	ations and con	duct business inte	rn	ationally. Our	semiconduct	or wafers	are
manufactured, a	ssembled,	tested and p	ackaged by third pa	rties located	outside of the Unit	e	d States, and	we generate	d 56% of	our
revenue in fiscal	year 2024	from sales o	utside of the United	States. Our sa	les to China decre	a	sed as a perc	entage of tota	l Data Ce	nter
revenue from 19	% in fiscal	year 2023 to	14% in fiscal year 20	24. Although	we have not receive	d	licenses from	the USG to s	hip restric	ted
products to Chin	a, we hav	e started to s	hip alternatives to	the China ma	rket in small volum		es. China repr	esented a m	id-single	digit
percentage of ou	r Data Cen	ter revenue i	n the fourth quarter	of fiscal year 2	024 due to USG lic	e	nsing requirem	ents and we	expect Ch	ina
to be in a simila	r range in t	he first quart	er of fiscal year 202	5. The global	nature of our busin	e	ss subjects u	s to a numbe	r of risks	and
uncertainties, wh	ich have h	ad in the past	and could in the fut	ure have a m	aterial adverse effe	c	t on our busin	ess, financial	condition	and
results of opera	tions. Thes	e include do	mestic and internati	onal economi	c and political con	d	itions in coun	tries in which	we and	our
suppliers and m	anufacturer	s do busines	s, government lockd	owns to contr	ol case spread of g	l	obal or local h	ealth issues,	differing le	gal
standards with re	spect to pr	otection of IP	and employment pr	actices, differe	nt domestic and int	e	rnational busi	ness and cultu	ral practic	es,
disruptions to ca	pital mark	ets, counter-i	nflation policies, cur	rency fluctuat	ions, natural disast	e	rs, acts of wa	r or other mi	litary actio	ns,
terrorism, public	health issu	es and other	catastrophic events.							
										
Product, syste	m security,	and data p	rotection breaches	, as well as	cyber-attacks, co	u	ld disrupt ou	r operations	, reduce	our
expected reven	ue, increas	e our expen	ses, and significan	tly harm our	business and repu	t	ation.			
										
Security breach	es, compu	ter malware,	social-engineering	attacks, den	ial-of-service attac	k	s, software b	ugs, server	malfunctio	ns,
software or hard	ware failur	es, loss of da	ta or other informat	ion technolog	y assets, and othe	r	cyber-attacks	are becoming	increasi	ngly
sophisticated, m	aking it mor	e difficult to s	uccessfully detect, d	efend against	them or implement		adequate prev	entative meas	ures.	
										
Cyber-attacks, in	cluding ran	somware att	acks by organized c	riminal threat	actors, nation-state	s	, and nation-s	tate-supporte	d actors,	may
become more pr	evalent and	severe. Our	ability to recover fro	m ransomwar	e attacks may be li	m	ited if our back	ups have bee	n affected	by
the attack, or if r	estoring fro	m backups is	delayed or not feasi	ble.						
										
Individuals, grou	ps of hack	ers and sop	histicated organizati	ons, including	nation-states and		nation-state-su	pported acto	rs, and ot	her
threat actors hav	e engaged	and are exp	ected to continue to	engage in cyb	er-attacks. Additio	n	ally, some acto	rs are using	AI technol	ogy
to launch more	automated	, targeted an	d coordinated attac	ks. Due to g	eopolitical conflicts		and during tim	es of war or	other m	ajor
conflicts, we and	the third p	arties we rely	upon may be vulne	rable to a hei	ghtened risk of cyb	e	r-attacks that	could material	ly disrupt	our
ability to provide	services a	nd products.	We may also face	cybersecurity	threats due to erro	r	or intentional	misconduct b	y employe	es,
contractors or o	ther third-	party service	providers. Certain	aspects of e	ffective cybersecur	it	y are depend	ent upon ou	r employe	es,
contractors and/	or other thi	rd-party servi	ce providers safegu	arding our se	nsitive information	a	nd adhering t	o our security	policies	and
access control m	echanisms	. We have in	the past experience	d, and may in	the future experien	c	e, security inci	dents arising	from a fai	lure
to properly hand	le sensitive	information o	r adhere to our sec	urity policies a	nd access control	m	echanisms an	d, although no	such eve	nts
have had a mate	rial advers	e effect on ou	r business, there ca	n be no assur	ance that an inside	r	threat will not	result in an in	cident tha	t is
material to us.	Furthermor	e, we rely on	products and serv	ices provided	by third-party sup	p	liers to opera	te certain crit	ical busin	ess
systems, includi	ng without	limitation, clo	ud-based infrastruc	ture, encryptio	n and authenticati	o	n technology,	employee em	ail and ot	her
functions, which	exposes	us to supply	-chain attacks or o	ther business	disruptions. We	c	annot guaran	tee that third	parties	and
infrastructure in	our supply	chain or our	partners’ supply ch	ains have no	t been compromis	ed	or that they	do not conta	in exploita	ble
vulnerabilities, d	efects or bu	gs that could	result in a breach of	or disruption	to our information t	e	chnology syst	ems, including	our prod	ucts
and services, or	the third-p	arty informatio	n technology syste	ms that suppo	rt our services. We		may also incor	porate third-p	arty data	into
our AI algorithm	s or use o	pen-source d	atasets to train our	algorithms. Th	ese datasets may		be flawed, ins	ufficient, or c	ontain cer	tain
biased informati	on, and ma	y otherwise b	e vulnerable to secu	rity incidents.	We may have limit	e	d insight into t	he data priva	cy or secu	rity
practices of third	-party supp	liers, includin	g for our AI algorithm	s. Our ability	to monitor these th	ir	d parties’ infor	mation securit	y practice	s is
limited, and they	may not h	ave adequate	information securit	y measures in	place. In addition,	if	one of our thi	rd-party suppl	iers suffe	rs a
security incident	(which has	happened in	the							
										
				20						
										
ps://www.sec.gov/A	rchives/edg	ar/data/104581	0/00010458102400002	9/nvda-202401	28.htm					31/118


Table 7: financial_page_032_table_001.csv

7/25, 1:58 PM				nvda	-20240128				
									
Table of Contents									
									
past and may happen	in the future), our re	sponse may	be limited or	more	difficult because	we may not	have direct ac	cess to t	heir
systems, logs and othe	r information related	to the securi	ty incident. Ad	ditio	nally, we are inco	rporated into	the supply cha	in of a la	rge
number of entities world	wide and, as a resu	lt, if our prod	ucts or service	s ar	e compromised, a	significant n	umber of our cu	stomers	and
their data could be affec	ted, which could res	ult in potential	liability and ha	rm o	ur business.				
									
To defend against secur	ity incidents, we mus	t continuousl	y engineer mo	re se	cure products and	enhance se	curity and reliab	ility featu	res,
which is expected to res	ult in increased expe	nses. We mu	st also continu	e to	develop our secur	ity measures	, including train	ing progra	ms
and security awareness	initiatives, designed	to ensure our	suppliers hav	e ap	propriate security	measures in	place, and con	tinue to m	eet
the evolving security re	quirements of our c	ustomers, ap	plicable indus	try st	andards, and gov	ernment reg	ulations. While	we inves	t in
training programs and	security awareness	initiatives an	d take steps	to d	etect and remedi	ate certain	vulnerabilities t	hat we h	ave
identified, we may not	always be able to pr	event threats	or detect and	mit	igate all vulnerabi	lities in our s	ecurity controls	, system	s or
software, including third	-party software we h	ave installed,	as such thre	ats a	nd techniques cha	nge frequen	tly and may no	t be detec	ted
until after a security inci	dent has occurred. F	urther, we ma	y experience d	elay	s in developing an	d deploying r	emedial measu	res desig	ned
to address identified v	ulnerabilities. These	vulnerabilitie	s could resu	lt in	reputational and	financial ha	rm, and if exp	loited, th	ese
vulnerabilities could res	ult in a security incide	nt.							
									
We hold confidential, s	ensitive, personal an	d proprietary	information, in	clud	ing information fro	m partners	and customers.	Breache	s of
our security measures,	along with reporte	d or perceive	d vulnerabiliti	es o	r unapproved dis	semination o	f proprietary in	formation	or
sensitive or confidentia	l data about us or t	hird parties, c	ould expose	us a	nd the parties affe	cted to a ris	k of loss, or m	isuse of	this
information, potentially r	esulting in litigation	and subseque	nt liability, reg	ulato	ry inquiries or acti	ons, damage	to our brand a	nd reputa	tion
or other harm, including	financial, to our bus	iness. For ex	ample, we hol	d pro	prietary game so	urce code fro	m third-party p	artners in	our
GFN service. Breaches	of our GFN security	measures, w	hich have hap	pene	d in the past, coul	d expose ou	r partners to a r	isk of los	s or
misuse of this source co	de, damage both us	and our partn	ers, and expo	se N	VIDIA to potential	litigation and	liability. If we o	r a third p	arty
we rely on experience a	security incident, w	hich has occu	rred in the pa	st, or	are perceived to	have experie	nced a security	incident,	we
may experience advers	e consequences, inc	luding govern	ment enforcem	ent	actions, additional	reporting re	quirements and	/or oversi	ght,
restrictions on processi	ng data, litigation, in	demnification	obligations, r	eput	ational harm, dive	rsion of fund	s, diversion of	managem	ent
attention, financial loss,	loss of data, materi	al disruptions	in our system	s an	d operations, sup	ply chain, an	d ability to prod	uce, sell	and
distribute our goods an	d services, and other	similar harms	. Inability to fu	lfill o	rders, delayed sa	les, lower ma	rgins or lost cu	stomers a	s a
result of these disruptio	ns could adversely	affect our fina	ncial results, s	tock	price and reputat	ion. Applicab	le data privacy	and secu	rity
obligations may require	us to notify relevant	stakeholders,	including affe	cted	individuals, custo	mers, regulat	ors and investo	rs, of secu	rity
incidents, and mandato	ry disclosure of suc	h incidents co	uld lead to ne	gativ	e publicity. In add	ition to expe	riencing a sec	urity incid	ent,
third parties may gathe	r, collect or infer sen	sitive informa	tion about us	from	public sources, d	ata brokers	or other means	that rev	eals
competitively sensitive d	etails about our orga	nization and	could be used	to ha	rm our business.				
									
Business disruptions	could harm our ope	rations, lead	to a decline i	n re	venue and increa	se our costs	.		
									
Our worldwide operati	ons could be disrup	ted by natur	al disasters	and	extreme weather	conditions,	power or wate	r shortag	es,
telecommunications fail	ures, supplier disrup	tions, terroris	t attacks, act	s of	violence, political	and/or civil	unrest, acts of	war or ot	her
military actions, epidem	ics or pandemics, a	brupt regulat	ory deteriorati	on, a	nd other natural	or man-made	disasters and	catastro	phic
events. Our corporate h	eadquarters, a large	portion of ou	r current data	cent	er capacity, and a	portion of ou	r research and	developm	ent
activities are located in	California, and other	critical busine	ss operations,	finis	hed goods invent	ory and some	of our supplier	s are loca	ted
in Asia, making our ope	rations vulnerable to	natural disas	ters such as	earth	quakes, wildfires	or other busi	ness disruption	s occurrin	g in
these geographical are	as. Catastrophic eve	nts can also	have an impa	ct o	n third-party vend	ors who pro	vide us critical	infrastruct	ure
services for IT and rese	arch and developme	nt systems an	d personnel.	Our	business continuit	y and disaste	r recovery plan	ning may	not
be sufficient for all eve	ntualities. Geopolitica	l and domes	tic political de	velop	ments and other	events beyo	nd our control,	can incre	ase
economic volatility glob	ally. Political instabili	ty, changes in	government	or ad	verse political dev	elopments in	or around any	of the m	ajor
countries in which we d	o business may harm	our business	, financial con	ditio	n and results of op	erations. Wo	rldwide geopoli	tical tensi	ons
and conflicts, including	but not limited to Chi	na, Hong Kon	g, Israel, Kore	a and	Taiwan where th	e manufactur	e of our product	compone	nts
and final assembly of o	ur products are con	centrated may	result in cha	ngin	g regulatory requir	ements, and	other disruptio	ns that co	uld
impact our operations a	nd operating strateg	ies, product d	emand, acces	s to	global markets, hi	ring, and pro	fitability. For ex	ample, ot	her
countries have restricte	d and may continue	in the future t	o restrict busi	ness	with the State of	Israel, where	we have engin	eering, s	ales
support operations and	manufacturing, and	companies wit	h Israeli oper	ation	s, including by eco	nomic boyco	tts. Our operati	ons could	be
harmed and our costs	could increase if m	anufacturing,	logistics or ot	her	operations are dis	rupted for a	ny reason, incl	uding nat	ural
disasters, high heat ev	ents or water short	ages, power	shortages, inf	orma	tion technology s	ystem failur	es or cyber-att	acks, mili	tary
actions or economic, b	usiness, labor, envi	ronmental, p	ublic health, o	r po	litical issues. The	ultimate im	pact on us, o	ur third-p	arty
foundries and other sup	pliers of being locate	d and consoli	dated in certai	n ge	ographical areas i	s unknown. In	the event a di	saster, wa	r or
catastrophic event affec	ts us, the third-party	systems on	which we rely,	or o	ur customers, our	business co	uld be harmed	as a resu	lt of
declines in revenue, inc	reases in expenses,	and substan	tial expenditur	es a	nd time spent to f	ully resume	operations. All	of these ri	sks
and conditions could ma	terially adversely aff	ect our future	sales and ope	ratin	g results.				
									
			21						
									
ps://www.sec.gov/Archives/	edgar/data/1045810/00	010458102400	0029/nvda-2024	0128	.htm				32/118


Table 8: financial_page_033_table_001.csv

Table of Contents													
													
We are monitoring	the	impact of the ge	opolitical co	nflic	t i	n and arou	nd Israel on	our operations, includi	ng the health a	n	d s	afety of	our
approximately 3,70	0 em	ployees in the r	egion who p	rima	rily	support th	e research a	nd development, oper	ations, and sale	s	and	marke	ting
of our networking	prod	ucts. Our operati	ng expense	s in	fis	cal year 20	24 include e	xpenses for financial	support to impa	ct	ed	employ	ees
and charitable acti	vity.	We believe our	global sup	ply	cha	in for our	networking	products has not expe	rienced any sig	n	ific	ant imp	act.
Further, in connect	ion	with the conflict,	a substantia	l nu	mb	er of our e	mployees in	the region have been	called-up for act	iv	e m	ilitary d	uty
in Israel. According	ly, s	ome of our empl	oyees in Isr	ael	hav	e been ab	sent for an e	xtended period and th	ey or others ma	y	con	tinue to	be
absent, which may	cau	se disruption to o	ur product	deve	lop	ment or o	perations. W	e did not experience a	ny significant im	pa	ct	or expe	nse
to our business; h	owe	ver, if the conflic	t is further	exte	nd	ed, it could	impact futu	re product developme	nt, operations,	a	nd	revenue	or
create other uncert	ainty	for our business	.										
													
Additionally, interru	ptio	ns or delays in s	ervices from	C	SP	s, data cen	ter co-locati	on partners, and other	third parties on		whi	ch we r	ely,
including due to th	e ev	ents described a	bove or oth	er e	ven	ts such as	the insolven	cy of these parties, co	uld impair our a	b	ility	to prov	ide
our products and s	ervic	es and harm our	business. A	s w	e i	ncrease ou	r reliance on	these third-party syst	ems and service	s	, ou	r expos	ure
to damage from s	ervi	ce interruptions,	defects, di	srup	tio	ns, outage	s, shortages	and other performa	nce and quality		pro	blems	may
increase. Data cen	ters	depend on acc	ess to clean	wa	ter	and predi	ctable energ	y. Power or water sho	rtages, or regul	a	tion	s that l	imit
energy or water av	ailab	ility, could impair	the ability o	f ou	r c	ustomers t	o expand the	ir data center capacity	and consume o	u	r pr	oducts	and
services.													
													
Climate change m	ay h	ave a long-term	impact on	our	b	usiness.							
													
Climate change m	ay h	ave an increasin	gly adverse	im	pac	t on our b	usiness and	on our customers, pa	rtners and vend	o	rs.	Water	and
energy availability	and	reliability in the r	egions whe	re w	e	conduct bu	siness is crit	ical, and certain of ou	r facilities may	be	vu	lnerabl	e to
the impacts of extr	eme	weather events	. Extreme h	eat	an	d wind cou	pled with dr	y conditions in Norther	n California ma	y	lea	d to po	wer
safety shut offs du	e to	wildfire risk, whi	ch can hav	e ad	ve	rse implica	tions for our	Santa Clara, Californ	ia headquarter	of	fice	s and d	ata
centers, including i	mpa	iring the ability o	f our emplo	yee	s to	work effe	ctively. Clima	te change, its impact	on our supply c	h	ain	and crit	ical
infrastructure world	wide	and its potentia	l to increase	pol	itic	al instabilit	y in regions w	here we, our custome	rs, partners and	o	ur	vendors	do
business, may disr	upt	our business an	d cause us	to e	xp	erience hi	gher attrition,	losses and costs to	maintain or res	um	e	operatio	ns.
Although we maint	ain i	nsurance covera	ge for a va	riety	of	property,	casualty, and	other risks, the types	and amounts	of	ins	urance	we
obtain vary depen	ding	on availability a	nd cost. So	me	of o	ur policies	have large	deductibles and broad	exclusions, an	d	ou	r insura	nce
providers may be	unab	le or unwilling to	pay a clai	m. L	oss	es not cov	ered by insu	rance may be large,	which could har	m	ou	r result	s of
operations and fina	ncia	l condition.											
													
Our business and	thos	e of our supplier	s and custo	mer	s m	ay also be	subject to c	limate-related laws, r	egulations and l	a	wsu	its. New	or
proposed regulatio	ns re	lating to carbon	taxes, fuel o	r en	er	gy taxes, p	ollution limits	, sustainability-related	disclosure and	go	ve	rnance	and
supply chain gover	nanc	e could result in	greater dire	ct c	ost	s, including	costs assoc	iated with changes to	manufacturing p	r	oce	sses or	the
procurement of raw	ma	terials used in m	anufacturing	pr	oce	sses, incre	ased capital	expenditures to impro	ve facilities and	e	qui	pment,	and
higher compliance	and	energy costs to	reduce emi	ssio	ns,	other com	pliance cost	s, as well as greater i	ndirect costs re	s	ultin	g from	our
customers and/or s	upp	liers incurring ad	ditional com	plia	nce	costs that	are passed	on to us. These costs	and restrictions	c	oul	d harm	our
business and resul	ts of	operations by in	creasing our	exp	en	ses or requ	iring us to al	ter our operations and	product design	a	ctiv	ities.	
													
Stakeholder group	s ma	y find us insuffici	ently respon	sive	to	the implic	ations of clim	ate change, and there	fore we may fac	e	leg	al actio	n or
reputational harm.	We	may not achiev	e our state	d s	ust	ainability-re	lated goals,	which could harm o	ur reputation, o	r	we	may in	cur
additional, unexpe	cted	costs to achieve	such goals	. W	e	may also e	xperience co	ntractual disputes due	to supply chai	n	del	ays aris	ing
from climate chang	e-rel	ated disruptions,	which could	res	ult	in increas	ed litigation a	nd costs.					
													
We also face risks	rela	ted to business	trends that	may	b	e influence	d by climate	change concerns. Ou	r business coul	d	be	negati	vely
impacted by conce	rns	around the high a	bsolute ene	rgy	re	quirements	of our GPUs	, despite their much m	ore energy effic	ie	nt	design	and
operation relative t	o alt	ernative computin	g platforms	.									
													
We may not be a	ble	to realize the	potential be	nef	its	of busine	ss investm	ents or acquisitions,	and we may	n	ot	be able	to
successfully inte	grate	acquired com	panies, whi	ch	co	uld hurt o	ur ability to	grow our business,	develop new p	ro	du	cts or	sell
our products.													
													
We have acquired	and	invested and ma	y continue t	o do	s	o in busine	sses that off	er products, services a	nd technologies	t	hat	we beli	eve
will help expand o	r en	hance our strate	gic objectiv	es.	Ac	quisitions o	r investmen	ts involve significant	challenges and	ri	sks	and co	uld
impair our ability to	gro	w our business,	develop ne	w pr	od	ucts or sell	our product	s and ultimately could	have a negativ	e	im	pact on	our
financial results. If	we p	ursue a particul	ar transactio	n, w	e	may limit o	ur ability to e	nter into other transac	tions that could	h	elp	us achi	eve
our other strategic	obj	ectives. If we ar	e unable to	tim	ely	complete	acquisitions,	including due to dela	ys and challen	ge	s i	n obtain	ing
regulatory approva	ls,	we may be unab	le to pursu	e o	the	r transacti	ons, we may	not be able to retai	n critical talent	fr	om	the ta	rget
company, technolo	gy m	ay evolve and	make the ac	quis	itio	n less attr	active, and o	ther changes can take	place, which c	o	uld	reduce	the
anticipated benefit	s of	the transaction	and negativ	ely i	mp	act our bu	siness. Reg	ulators could also imp	ose conditions	th	at	reduce	the
ultimate value of o	ur ac	quisitions. In add	ition, to the	exte	nt	that our pe	rceived abilit	y to consummate acqu	isitions has bee	n			
													
						22							
													
ps://www.sec.gov/Arc	hives	/edgar/data/10458	10/000104581	024	000	029/nvda-2	0240128.htm						33/118


Table 9: financial_page_035_table_001.csv

Table of Contents																						
																						
harmed, future a	cqu	isitions ma	y be	more difficult,	com	plex	or expe	nsi	ve.	Fur	ther,	our	inv	es	t	m	ents	in publicly t	raded	comp	anies co	uld
create volatility i	n o	ur results	and	may generate	loss	es u	p to the	va	lue	of	the in	ve	stm	en	t.	I	n ad	dition, we h	ave i	nveste	d and	may
continue to inve	st	in private c	omp	anies to furth	er o	ur s	trategic	obj	ectiv	es	and	to	sup	p	ort		certa	in key bus	iness	initiati	ves. Th	ese
companies can in	clu	de early-st	age	companies still	defi	ning	their stra	teg	ic di	re	ction.	Ma	ny o	f	th	e	instr	uments in w	hich	we inve	st are n	on-
marketable and i	lliq	uid at the ti	me	of our initial in	vest	ment	, and we	ar	e no	t	always	ab	le t	o	a	c	hiev	e a return. T	o the	extent	any of	the
companies in wh	ich	we invest	are	not successfu	l, we	cou	ld recog	niz	e an	i	mpairm	en	t a	nd	/o	r	lose	all or part	of ou	r inves	tment.	Our
investment portfo	lio	contains in	dustr	y sector conce	ntrat	ion r	isks, and	a	decli	ne	in an	y o	ne o	r	m	u	ltiple	industry se	ctors c	ould i	ncrease	our
impairment losse	s.	We face ad	dition	al risks related	to a	cqui	sitions a	nd	strat	eg	ic inve	stm	ent	s	, i	nc	ludi	ng the divers	ion o	f capit	al and ot	her
resources, includ	ing	managem	ent’s	attention; diffi	culty	in r	ealizing	a s	atisf	act	ory re	tur	n a	nd	u	n	cert	ainties to re	alize t	he be	nefits of	an
acquisition or str	ate	gic investm	ent,	if at all; difficu	lty o	r ina	bility in	obta	inin	g	govern	me	nta	l,	re	g	ulat	ory approval	or re	strictio	ns or ot	her
consents and ap	pro	vals or fina	ncin	g; legal procee	ding	s init	iated as	a r	esul	t o	f an a	cqu	isiti	o	n	or	inv	estment; and	pote	ntial fa	ilure of	our
due diligence pro	ces	ses to iden	tify s	ignificant issue	s wit	h th	e assets	or c	om	pa	ny in w	hic	h w	e	ar	e	inve	sting or are	acqui	ring.		
																						
Additional risks re	lat	ed to acqui	sition	s include, but	are n	ot li	mited to:															
																						
• difficulty	in	integrating	the	technology, sy	stem	s, pr	oducts,	poli	cies	, p	roces	ses	, or	o	p	er	ation	s and integ	rating	and r	etaining	the
employe	es	, including k	ey p	ersonnel, of th	e ac	quire	d busine	ss;														
																						
• assumpt	ion	of liabilitie	s an	d incurring amo	rtiza	tion	expense	s, i	mpai	rm	ent ch	arg	es t	o	g	o	odwi	ll or write-do	wns o	f acqu	ired ass	ets;
																						
• integrati	ng	accounting,	fore	casting and co	ntrol	s, pr	ocedure	s an	d re	po	rting c	ycl	es;									
																						
• coordina	tin	g and integ	ratin	g operations, p	artic	ularly	in coun	trie	s in	wh	ich we	do	no	t c	u	rr	ently	operate;				
																						
• stock pr	ice	impact, fin	es,	fees or reputa	tion	harm	if we	are	una	bl	e to o	bta	in r	e	gu	la	tory	approval fo	r an	acquis	ition or	are
otherwis	e u	nable to clo	se a	n acquisition;																		
																						
• potential	is	suances of	debt	to finance our	acq	uisiti	ons, resu	ltin	g in	inc	rease	d d	ebt,	i	nc	r	ease	d interest ex	pens	e, and	complia	nce
with deb	t c	ovenants or	oth	er restrictions;																		
																						
• the pote	nti	al for our ac	quisi	tions to result i	n dil	utive	issuanc	es o	f ou	r e	quity	sec	uriti	e	s;							
																						
• the pote	nti	al variability	of th	e amount and	form	of a	ny perfo	rma	nce	-ba	sed c	ons	ider	a	tio	n	;					
																						
• negative	ch	anges in g	ener	al economic co	nditi	ons i	n the reg	ion	s or	the	indus	trie	s in		wh	ic	h w	e or our targ	et ope	rate;		
																						
• exposur	e to	additional	cybe	rsecurity risks	and	vuln	erabilitie	s; a	nd													
																						
• impairm	ent	of relations	hips	with, or loss of	our	or o	ur target’	s e	mplo	ye	es, ve	nd	ors	an	d	c	usto	mers.				
																						
For example, w	hen	integratin	g ac	quisition targe	t sy	stem	s into o	ur	own	,	we ha	ve	ex	pe	ri	en	ced	and may	contin	ue to	experie	nce
challenges includ	in	g lengthy a	nd	costly systems	inte	grat	ion, del	ays	in	pur	chasi	ng	and		sh	i	pping	products,	difficu	lties w	ith sys	tem
integration via e	lec	tronic data	inte	rchange and	other	pro	cesses	with	ou	r	key s	upp	lier	s	a	n	d cu	stomers, an	d trai	ning a	nd cha	nge
management nee	ds	of integrati	on p	ersonnel. Thes	e ch	alle	nges ha	ve i	mpa	cte	d our	res	ults		of	o	pera	tions and m	ay co	ntinue	to do s	o in
the future.																						
																						
We receive a s	ig	nificant a	mou	nt of our rev	enu	e fr	om a li	mit	ed	nu	mber	of	pa	rt	n	er	s a	nd distribu	tors	and	we hav	e a
concentration o	f s	ales to cus	tom	ers who purch	ase	dire	ctly or i	ndi	rect	ly	from	us,	an	d	o	ur	rev	enue could	be ad	verse	ly affec	ted
if we lose or are	pr	evented fro	m s	elling to any o	f th	ese c	ustome	rs.														
																						
We receive a sig	nifi	cant amoun	t of	our revenue fro	m a	limit	ed numb	er o	f cu	sto	mers	wit	hin	o	ur	d	istrib	ution and p	artner	netwo	rk. Sale	s to
one customer, Cu	st	omer A, rep	rese	nted 13% of to	tal re	ven	ue for fis	cal	yea	r 2	024, w	hic	h w	a	s	a	ttribu	table to the	Comp	ute &	Network	ing
segment. With se	ve	ral of these	cha	nnel partners,	we a	re s	elling m	ultip	le p	ro	ducts	and	sy	st	em		s in	our portfolio	throu	gh thei	r chann	els.
Our operating res	ult	s depend o	n sal	es within our p	artne	r ne	twork, a	s we	ll a	s th	e abil	ity	of th	e	se		partn	ers to sell p	roduc	ts that	incorpo	rate
our processors.	In	the future,	the	se partners m	ay d	ecid	e to pur	cha	se	few	er pr	od	ucts	,	no	t	to i	ncorporate	our p	roduct	s into t	heir
ecosystem, or to	alt	er their purc	hasi	ng patterns in	som	e oth	er way.	Bec	aus	e m	ost of	ou	r sa	l	es	a	re m	ade on a pu	rchas	e orde	r basis,	our
customers can ge	ne	rally cancel	, cha	nge or delay p	rodu	ct pu	rchase	com	mit	me	nts wit	h li	ttle	n	oti	c	e to	us and witho	ut pen	alty. O	ur partn	ers
or customers ma	y	develop the	ir o	wn solutions; o	ur c	usto	mers ma	y p	urc	has	e pro	duc	ts f	ro	m		our	competitors;	and	our pa	rtners	may
discontinue sales	o	r lose mar	ket	share in the m	arke	ts f	or which	th	ey p	ur	chase	ou	r p	ro	d	uc	ts,	all of which	may	alter	partners	’ or
customers’ purch	asi	ng patterns	. Ma	ny of our cust	ome	rs of	ten do n	ot	purc	ha	se dir	ectl	y fr	o	m	u	s bu	t purchase t	hroug	h mult	iple OE	Ms,
ODMs, system i	nte	grators, dis	tribu	tors and other	cha	nnel	partner	s.	One	in	direct	cu	sto	m	er	w	hich	primarily p	urcha	ses o	ur prod	ucts
through system i	nte	grators and	dist	ributors, includi	ng t	hrou	gh Custo	me	r A,	is	estima	ted	to	h	av	e	repr	esented app	roxim	ately 1	9% of t	otal
revenue for fiscal	ye	ar 2024, att	ribut	able to the																		
																						
ps://www.sec.gov/Ar	chi	ves/edgar/da	ta/10	45810/00010458	1024	0000	29/nvda-	202	4012	8.h	tm											35/118


Table 10: financial_page_037_table_001.csv

7/25, 1:58 PM									nv	da-20240128							
																	
Table of Content	s																
																	
Compute & Ne	tw	orkin	g segment. If	end	deman	d in	creases o	r our finish	ed	goods supply	availa	bility is	con	centrated n	ear a	quarter e	nd,
the system inte	gr	ator	s, distributors	and	channe	l pa	rtners ma	y have limit	e	d ability to incr	ease t	heir cre	dit,	which could	imp	act the tim	ing
and amount of	ou	r re	venue. The los	s of	any of o	ur l	arge cust	omers, a si	gn	ificant reductio	n in p	urchase	s by	them, our	inabil	ity to sell	to a
customer due	to	U.S	. or other cou	ntrie	s’ trade	re	strictions	or any diffi	cu	lties in collecti	ng ac	counts	rece	ivable wou	ld lik	ely harm	our
financial condit	io	n an	d results of op	erati	ons.												
																	
If we are unab	le	to a	ttract, retain	and	motivat	e o	ur execut	ives and k	ey	employees, o	ur bu	siness	may	be harme	d.		
																	
To be compet	itiv	e a	nd execute o	ur b	usiness	str	ategy suc	cessfully, w	e	must attract,	retain	and m	otiv	ate our ex	ecuti	ves and	key
employees and	r	ecrui	t and develop	capa	ble and	div	erse tale	nt. Labor is	su	bject to extern	al fact	ors that	are	beyond ou	r con	trol, includ	ing
our industry’s	hig	hly	competitive m	arke	t for sk	illed	workers	and leader	s,	cost inflation	and w	orkforc	e pa	rticipation	rates	. Change	s in
immigration an	d	work	permit regula	tions	or in t	heir	administr	ation or int	er	pretation could	impai	r our ab	ility	to attract a	nd re	tain quali	fied
employees. Co	m	petit	ion for person	nel r	esults i	n in	creased	costs in the	f	orm of cash a	nd sto	ck-base	d c	ompensatio	n, an	d in time	s of
stock price vol	at	ility,	as we have e	xper	ienced	in t	he past	and may ex	p	erience in the	future	, the re	tenti	ve value o	f our	stock-ba	sed
compensation	m	ay d	ecrease. Addi	tiona	lly, we	are	highly d	ependent o	n	the services o	f our	longsta	ndin	g executiv	e tea	m. Failure	to
ensure effectiv	e	succ	ession planni	ng, t	ransfer	of	knowledg	e and smo	ot	h transitions i	nvolvin	g exec	utive	s and key	emp	loyees co	uld
hinder our strat	eg	ic pl	anning and ex	ecut	ion and	lon	g-term su	ccess.									
																	
Our business	is	dep	endent upon	the	proper	fun	ctioning	of our bus	in	ess processe	s and	informa	tio	n systems	and	modificat	ion
or interruption	o	f su	ch systems m	ay	disrupt	our	busines	s, and inter	n	al controls.							
																	
We rely upon	in	terna	l processes	and i	nforma	tion	systems	to support	k	ey business fu	nction	s, inclu	ding	our asse	ssme	nt of inte	rnal
controls over fi	na	ncia	l reporting as	requ	ired by	Se	ction 404	of the Sarb	a	nes-Oxley Act.	The e	fficient	oper	ation and	scala	bility of th	ese
processes and	s	yste	ms is critical to	sup	port ou	r gr	owth. We	continue to	d	esign and impl	emen	t update	d ac	counting f	unctio	nality rela	ted
to a new enterp	ri	se re	source planni	ng, o	r ERP,	syst	em. Any E	RP system	i	mplementation	may in	troduce	pro	blems, suc	h as	quality iss	ues
or programmin	g	erro	rs, that could	hav	e an im	pa	ct on our	continued	a	bility to succe	ssfully	operat	e ou	r business	or t	o timely	and
accurately rep	ort	our	financial resu	lts.	These c	han	ges may	be costly	an	d disruptive to	our	operatio	ns a	nd could i	mpos	e substa	ntial
demands on m	an	age	ment time. Fa	ilure	to impl	eme	nt new or	updated co	n	trols, or difficul	ties e	ncounte	red i	n their imp	leme	ntation, co	uld
harm our opera	ti	ng re	sults or cause	us t	o fail to	mee	t our rep	orting obliga	ti	ons.							
																	
Identification o	f	mate	rial weakness	es in	our int	ern	al controls	, even if q	ui	ckly remediate	d once	disclos	ed,	may caus	e inv	estors to l	ose
confidence in o	ur	fina	ncial stateme	nts a	nd our s	toc	k price m	ay decline.	R	emediation of a	ny ma	terial w	eak	ness could	requi	re us to in	cur
significant expe	n	ses,	and if we fail t	o re	mediate	any	material	weakness,	ou	r financial stat	ement	s may b	e in	accurate, w	e ma	y be requ	ired
to restate our f	in	anci	al statements,	our	ability t	o re	port our f	inancial res	ul	ts on a timely	and a	ccurate	basi	s may be	adver	sely affec	ted,
our access to t	he	cap	ital markets m	ay b	e restric	ted	, our stoc	k price may	d	ecline, and we	may b	e subje	ct to	sanctions	or in	vestigation	by
regulatory auth	or	ities.															
																	
Our operating	r	esul	ts have in th	e pa	st fluct	uat	ed and m	ay in the f	u	ture fluctuate	, and	if our o	per	ating resu	lts a	re below	the
expectations	of	sec	urities analys	ts or	invest	ors,	our stoc	k price cou	l	d decline.							
																	
Our operating	re	sults	have in the	past	fluctua	ted	and may	continue t	o	fluctuate due	to nu	merous	of t	hese risk f	actor	s. Theref	ore,
investors shoul	d	not r	ely on our pas	t res	ults of	oper	ations as	an indicati	on	of our future p	erfor	mance. A	ddi	tional facto	rs tha	t could af	fect
our results of o	pe	ratio	ns include, bu	t are	not lim	ited	to:										
																	
• our ab	ili	ty to	adjust spendi	ng du	e to the	mu	lti-year d	evelopment	c	ycle for some o	f our	products	and	services;			
																	
• our ab	ili	ty to	comply with o	ur co	ntractu	al o	bligations	to custome	rs	;							
																	
• our ex	te	nde	d payment ter	m arr	angem	ents	with cert	ain custome	rs	, the inability o	f som	e custo	mers	to make r	equir	ed payme	nts,
our ab	ili	ty to	obtain credit i	nsura	nce for	cus	tomers w	ith extende	d	payment terms	, and	custome	r ba	d debt writ	e-offs	;	
																	
• our ve	n	dors'	payment requ	irem	ents;												
																	
• unanti	ci	pate	d costs associ	ated	with en	viro	nmental li	abilities; an	d								
																	
• chang	es	in fi	nancial accou	nting	standa	rds	or interpr	etations of e	xi	sting standard	s.						
																	
Any of the fact	or	s dis	cussed above	coul	d preve	nt u	s from ac	hieving our	a	nticipated finan	cial re	sults. F	or e	xample, we	hav	e granted	and
may continue t	o	gran	t extended pa	yme	nt terms	to	some cus	tomers, pa	rti	cularly during	macro	economi	c d	ownturns, w	hich	could imp	act
our ability to c	oll	ect p	ayment. Our	vend	ors hav	e re	quested	and may co	nt	inue to ask for	short	er paym	ent	terms, whi	ch m	ay impact	our
cash flow gene	ra	tion.	These arrang	eme	nts red	uce	the cash	we have av	ai	lable for gener	al bus	iness o	pera	tions. In ad	ditio	n, the pac	e of
growth in our	op	erati	ng expenses	and i	nvestm	ents	may lag	our revenu	e	growth, creati	ng vol	atility or	per	iods where	prof	itability le	vels
may not be su	sta	inab	le. Failure to	meet	our ex	pect	ations or	the expecta	ti	ons of our inve	stors	or secu	rity	analysts is	likely	to cause	our
stock price to d	ec	line,	as it has in th	e pa	st, or ex	peri	ence sub	stantial pric	e	volatility.							
																	
ps://www.sec.gov	/A	rchiv	es/edgar/data/1	04581	0/00010	458	102400002	9/nvda-2024	01	28.htm							37/118


Table 11: financial_page_041_table_001.csv

Table of Contents											
											
products, and it is lik	ely that additional u	nilateral or multilater	al controls will be a	dopted. Such	c	ontro	ls have b	ee	n and may ag	ain be v	ery
broad in scope and a	pplication, prohibit	us from exporting ou	r products to any or	all custome	rs	in on	e or more		markets, includ	ing but	not
limited to China, and	could negatively im	pact our manufactu	ring, testing and wa	rehousing lo	c	ations	and opti	on	s, or could im	pose ot	her
conditions that limit	our ability to serve d	emand abroad and	could negatively an	d materially	im	pact	our busin	e	ss, revenue a	nd finan	cial
results. Export contr	ols targeting GPUs	and semiconductors	associated with AI,	which have	be	en im	posed an	d	are increasin	gly likel	y to
be further tightened,	would further restric	t our ability to expor	t our technology, pr	oducts, or se	rv	ices	even thou	g	h competitors	may no	t be
subject to similar res	trictions, creating a	competitive disadv	antage for us and	negatively im	p	acting	our busi	n	ess and finan	cial res	ults.
Export controls targe	ting GPUs and sem	iconductors associa	ted with AI have su	bjected and	m	ay in t	he future	s	ubject downst	ream us	ers
of our products to a	dditional restrictions	on the use, resale,	repair, or transfer	of our produ	ct	s, ne	gatively i	mp	acting our bu	siness	and
financial results. Con	trols could negative	ly impact our cost a	nd/or ability to provi	de services s	u	ch as	NVIDIA A	I	cloud services	and co	uld
impact the cost and/	or ability for our clo	ud service provider	s and customers to	provide ser	vi	ces to	their en	d	customers, ev	en outs	ide
China.											
											
Export controls could	disrupt our supply	chain and distributi	on channels, negati	vely impacti	ng	our	ability to s	e	rve demand, i	ncludin	g in
markets outside Chin	a and for our gamin	g products. The pos	sibility of additional	export contr	ol	s has	negativel	y	impacted and	may in	the
future negatively im	pact demand for ou	r products, benefiti	ng competitors that	offer alterna	ti	ves le	ss likely	to	be restricted	by furt	her
controls. Repeated c	hanges in the expo	rt control rules are	likely to impose co	mpliance bu	rd	ens o	n our bu	si	ness and our	custom	ers,
negatively and mater	ially impacting our b	usiness.									
											
Increasing use of ec	onomic sanctions	and export controls	has impacted and	may in the	fu	ture	impact de	m	and for our p	roducts	or
services, negatively	impacting our busin	ess and financial r	esults. Reduced de	mand due to	e	xport	controls	c	ould also lead	to exc	ess
inventory or cause u	s to incur related	supply charges. Add	itional unilateral or	multilateral	c	ontrol	s are als	o	likely to inclu	de dee	med
export control limitat	ions that negatively	impact the ability	of our research and	developme	nt	team	s to exec	u	te our roadm	ap or ot	her
objectives in a timely	manner. Additional	export restrictions	may not only impact	our ability to	s	erve	overseas	m	arkets, but al	so prov	oke
responses from forei	gn governments, in	cluding China, that n	egatively impact ou	r supply cha	in	or ou	r ability t	o	provide our pr	oducts	and
services to customer	s in all markets wo	rldwide, which could	also substantially	reduce our r	ev	enue	. Regulat	or	s in China ha	ve inqu	ired
about our sales and	efforts to supply th	e China market and	our fulfillment of th	e commitmen	ts	we	entered a	t t	he close of ou	r Mella	nox
acquisition. If the reg	ulators conclude tha	t we have failed to f	ulfill such commitm	ents or we ha	v	e viol	ated any	ap	plicable law in	China,	we
could be subject to	various penalties o	r restrictions on our	ability to conduct	our business	,	any	of which	co	uld have a m	aterial	and
adverse impact on o	ur business, operati	ng results and financ	ial condition.								
											
During the third quar	ter of fiscal year 20	23, the USG annou	nced export restricti	ons and exp	or	t licen	sing requ	ir	ements target	ing Chi	na’s
semiconductor and	supercomputing ind	ustries. These rest	rictions impact exp	orts of cert	ai	n chi	ps, as we	ll	as software,	hardw	are,
equipment and tech	nology used to dev	elop, produce and m	anufacture certain	chips to Chi	n	a (inc	luding Ho	n	g Kong and M	acau)	and
Russia, and specific	ally impact our A100	and H100 integrate	d circuits, DGX or	any other sy	st	ems o	r boards	w	hich incorpora	te A10	0 or
H100 integrated cir	cuits. The licensin	g requirements als	o apply to any fut	ure NVIDIA	i	ntegra	ted circu	it	achieving ce	rtain p	eak
performance and chi	p-to-chip I/O perfor	mance thresholds, a	s well as any syste	m or board	th	at inc	ludes tho	s	e circuits. The	re are	also
now licensing requir	ements to export a	wide array of produ	cts, including netw	orking produ	ct	s, de	stined for	c	ertain end us	ers and	for
certain end uses in	China. During the	second quarter of	fiscal year 2024,	the USG al	so	info	rmed us	o	f an additiona	l licens	ing
requirement for a su	bset of A100 and H	100 products destin	ed to certain custo	mers and oth	er	regi	ons, inclu	di	ng some coun	tries in	the
Middle East.											
											
In October 2023, the	USG announced n	ew and updated lice	nsing requirements	that became	e	ffecti	ve in our f	o	urth quarter of	fiscal y	ear
2024 for exports to C	hina and Country G	roups D1, D4, and	D5 (including but no	t limited to, S	a	udi A	rabia, the	U	nited Arab Em	irates,	and
Vietnam, but excludi	ng Israel) of our pr	oducts exceeding ce	rtain performance t	hresholds, in	cl	uding	A100, A	80	0, H100, H80	0, L4, L	40,
L40S and RTX 4090	. The licensing req	uirements also appl	y to the export of p	roducts exce	e	ding	certain pe	rf	ormance thre	sholds t	o a
party headquartered	in, or with an ultima	te parent headquart	ered in, Country Gr	oup D5, inclu	di	ng C	hina. On	Oc	tober 23, 202	3, the U	SG
informed us that the	licensing requirem	ents were effective	immediately for s	hipments of	o	ur A	100, A800	,	H100, H800,	and L	40S
products. We have n	ot received licenses	to ship these restric	ted products to Chi	na.							
											
Following these exp	ort controls, we tra	nsitioned some op	erations, including	certain testi	ng	, vali	dation, a	nd	supply and	distribu	tion
operations out of Ch	ina and Hong Kong	. Any future transitio	ns could be costly	and time co	ns	umin	g, and ad	ve	rsely affect o	ur resea	rch
and development an	d supply and distrib	ution operations, as	well as our revenu	e, during an	y	such	transition	p	eriod. We are	workin	g to
expand our Data Cen	ter product portfolio	to offer new solutio	ns, including those f	or which the	U	SG d	oes not re	q	uire a license	or adva	nce
notice before each s	hipment. To the ext	ent that a customer	requires products	covered by t	h	e lice	nsing req	uir	ements, we m	ay see	k a
license for the custo	mer. However, the	licensing process is	time-consuming.	We have no	a	ssura	nce that t	h	e USG will gr	ant suc	h a
license or that the U	SG will act on the	license application	in a timely manne	r or at all. E	v	en if	a license	i	s offered, it m	ay imp	ose
burdensome conditio	ns that we or our c	ustomer or end user	s cannot or decide	not to accept	.	The U	SG is eva	lu	ating license	request	s in
a closed process tha	t does not have cl	ear standards or an	opportunity for revi	ew. For exa	m	ple, th	e Notifie	d	Advanced Co	mputing	, or
“NAC,” process has	not resulted in appr	ovals for exports of	products to custom	ers in China.	T	he lic	ense pro	ce	ss for exports	to D1	and
D4 countries has b	een time-consumin	g and resulted in li	cense conditions f	or countries	o	utsid	e China.	T	he requireme	nts hav	e a
disproportionate imp	act on NVIDIA and a	lready have disadva	ntaged and may in	the future							
											
ps://www.sec.gov/Archiv	es/edgar/data/104581	0/0001045810240000	29/nvda-20240128.htm								41/118


Table 12: financial_page_047_table_001.csv

Table of Contents										
										
Data protection la	ws around the w	orld are quickly	changing and	may be	interprete	d and appli	ed in an increa	singly string	ent fashion	and
in a manner that i	s inconsistent wi	th our data prac	tices. These ob	ligation	s may affe	ct our prod	uct design and	necessitate	changes to	our
information techn	ologies, systems	and practices	and to those of	any thir	d parties	that proces	s personal data	on our beh	alf. Despite	our
efforts, we or third	parties we rely	upon may fail t	o comply with s	uch obli	gations. If	we fail, or	are perceived t	o have failed	, to addres	s or
comply with data	privacy and se	curity obligation	s, we could fa	ce signi	ficant con	sequences	, including but	not limited t	o, governm	ent
enforcement actio	ns, litigation, a	dditional reporti	ng requirement	s and/o	r oversigh	t, bans on	processing pe	rsonal data,	and order	s to
destroy or not us	e personal data	. Any of these	events could h	ave a m	aterial ad	verse effec	t on our reputa	tion, busine	ss, or finan	cial
condition.										
										
We may have ex	posure to add	itional tax liab	ilities and our	operat	ing resul	ts may be	adversely imp	acted by c	hanges in	tax
laws, higher than	expected tax r	ates and other	tax-related fa	ctors.						
										
We are subject to	complex incom	e tax laws and	regulations, a	s well a	s non-inc	ome-based	taxes, in vario	us jurisdicti	ons. Signific	ant
judgment is requir	ed in determinin	g our worldwide	provision for in	come ta	xes and	other tax lia	bilities. We are	regularly un	der audit by	tax
authorities in diffe	rent jurisdiction	s. Although we	believe our ta	x estima	tes are r	easonable,	any adverse o	utcome coul	d increase	our
worldwide effectiv	e tax rate, incre	ase the amount	of non-income	taxes im	posed on	our busine	ss, and harm o	ur financial p	osition, res	ults
of operations, net	income, and cas	h flows.								
										
Further, changes	in tax laws or t	heir interpretati	on by tax autho	rities in	the U.S.	or foreign	jurisdictions co	uld increase	our future	tax
liability or cause o	ther adverse tax	impacts, which	may materiall	y impact	our resul	ts of operat	ions, or the wa	y we conduc	t our busin	ess.
Most of our inco	me is taxable in	the United Sta	tes, with a sig	nificant	portion q	ualifying for	preferential tr	eatment as	foreign-deri	ved
intangible income	, or FDII. If U.	S. tax rates inc	rease or the F	DII ded	uction is	reduced, o	ur provision fo	r income ta	xes, results	of
operations, net in	come and cash	flows would be	adversely affe	cted. In	addition,	changes in	the tax laws o	f foreign juri	sdictions co	uld
arise as a result o	f global implem	entation of the	Inclusive Fram	ework o	n Base E	rosion and	Profit Shifting a	nd Pillar Tw	o Model R	ules
announced by Th	e Organization	for Economic C	ooperation and	Develo	pment, or	OECD. Th	ese and other	changes in	the foreign	tax
laws, as adopted	by countries, m	ay increase tax	uncertainty an	d advers	ely affect	our provisi	on for income t	axes, results	of operatio	ns,
and financial cond	ition.									
										
Our future effectiv	e tax rate may a	lso be affected	by a variety of	factors,	including	changes in	our business o	r statutory r	ates, the mi	x of
earnings in count	ries with differin	g statutory tax	rates, availabl	e tax in	centives,	credits and	deductions, th	e expiration	of statute	s of
limitations, chang	es in accounting	principles, adj	ustments to inc	ome ta	xes upon	finalization	of tax returns,	increases in	expenses	not
deductible for tax	purposes, the	estimates of o	ur deferred ta	x assets	and liab	ilities and	deferred tax a	sset valuati	on allowanc	es,
changing interpret	ation of existing	laws or regula	tions, the impa	ct of ac	counting f	or business	combinations,	as well as	changes in	the
domestic or inter	national organiz	ation of our b	usiness and s	tructure.	Furtherm	ore, the t	ax effects of a	ccounting f	or stock-ba	sed
compensation and	volatility in our	stock price may	significantly im	pact ou	r effective	tax rate in	the period in wh	ich they occ	ur. A declin	e in
our stock price m	ay result in redu	ced future tax b	enefits from st	ock-bas	ed compe	nsation, inc	rease our effec	tive tax rate	and adver	sely
affect our financia	l results.									
										
Our business is	exposed to the	risks associat	ed with litigatio	n, inve	stigation	s and regul	atory proceed	ings.		
										
We currently and	will likely conti	nue to face leg	al, administrativ	e and r	egulatory	proceeding	s, claims, dem	ands and/o	r investigati	ons
involving sharehol	der, consumer,	competition and	/or other issue	s relatin	g to our b	usiness. F	or example, we	are defendi	ng a securi	ties
class action laws	uit from multipl	e shareholders	asserting claim	s that	we and c	ertain of o	ur officers mad	e false and	/or mislead	ing
statements relate	d to channel inv	entory and the	impact of cryp	tocurren	cy minin	g on GPU	demand in 201	7 and 2018	. Litigation	and
regulatory procee	dings are inhere	ntly uncertain, a	nd adverse ruli	ngs cou	ld occur,	including m	onetary damag	es or fines,	or an injunc	tion
stopping us from	manufacturing o	r selling certain	products, enga	ging in	certain bu	siness prac	tices, or requiri	ng other rem	edies, such	as
compulsory licens	ing of patents.	An unfavorable	outcome or s	ettlemen	t may re	sult in a m	aterial adverse	impact. Re	gardless of	the
outcome, litigation	can be costly, ti	me-consuming,	and disruptive	to our o	perations.					
										
Our indebtedne	ss could adve	rsely affect o	ur financial p	osition	and cas	h flows fr	om operation	s, and pre	vent us fr	om
implementing ou	r strategy or fu	lfilling our con	tractual obliga	tions.						
										
As of January 28,	2024, we had	net outstanding	a total of $9.7	billion i	n notes d	ue by 2060	. As each serie	s of senior	notes matu	res,
unless redeemed	or repurchased,	we must repay	or refinance th	e notes.	If we dec	ide to refina	nce, we may re	ceive less f	avorable ter	ms,
or we may be un	able to refinanc	e at all, which	may adversely	affect ou	r financia	l condition.	We also have	a $575 milli	on commer	cial
paper program.										
										
Maintenance of o	ur current and fu	ture indebtedn	ess and contrac	tual res	trictions c	ould cause	us to dedicate	a substantia	l portion of	our
cash flows from o	perations towar	ds debt service	obligations and	princip	al repaym	ents; increa	se our vulnera	bility to adve	rse change	s in
general economic	, industry and co	mpetitive condi	tions; limit our f	lexibility	regarding	changes in	our business	and our indu	stry; impair	our
ability to obtain fu	ture financing; a	nd restrict our	ability to grant	liens on	property,	enter into	certain mergers	, dispose of	our assets	, or
materially change	our business.									
										
Our ability to com	ply with the co	venants in our	indenture may	be aff	ected by	events bey	ond our contro	l. If we bre	ach any of	the
covenants without	a waiver from t	he note holders	or lenders, then	any ou	tstanding	indebtedne	ss may be decl	ared		
										
ps://www.sec.gov/Ar	chives/edgar/data/	1045810/000104	581024000029/nv	da-2024	0128.htm					47/118


Table 13: financial_page_051_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:58 PM												nv	da-	20240128						
																						
	Table	of Content	s																			
																						
	Item	2. Prop	erties																			
																						
	Our h	eadquart	ers is in	Santa	Clara,	Cal	iforni	a. We	o	wn	and	le	ase a	pproxim	at	ely 3 millio	n square feet o	f office and	bu	ilding spa	ce for	our
	corpo	rate hea	dquarter	s. In	addition,	w	e lea	se dat	a	ce	nter	sp	ace i	n Santa	C	lara, Calif	ornia. We also	own and le	as	e facilitie	s for d	ata
	cente	rs, resea	rch and	develo	pment,	an	d/or s	ales a	n	d	admi	nis	trativ	e purpo	se	s througho	ut the U.S. and	in various i	nte	rnational	locatio	ns,
	prima	rily in Ch	ina, Indi	a, Isra	el, and	Tai	wan.	We be	li	ev	e our	ex	isting	facilitie	s,	both owne	d and leased,	are in good	co	ndition an	d suita	ble
	for th	e condu	ct of ou	r busi	ness. W	e	do n	ot iden	ti	fy	or a	llo	cate	assets	by	operating	segment. For	additional	inf	ormation	regard	ing
	oblig	ations un	der leas	es, ref	er to No	te	3 of t	he Not	e	s t	o the	C	onsol	idated	Fin	ancial Sta	tements in Part	IV, Item 15	of	this Annu	al Re	port
	on Fo	rm 10-K,	which i	nforma	tion is h	ere	by in	corpor	a	te	d by r	ef	erenc	e.								
																						
	Item	3. Lega	l Proce	edin	gs																	
																						
	Pleas	e see No	te 13 of	the N	otes to	the	Con	solidat	e	d	Finan	cia	l Sta	tements	in	Part IV, It	em 15 of this A	nnual Repo	rt	on Form	10-K f	or a
	discu	ssion of o	ur legal	proce	edings.																	
																						
	Item	4. Mine	Safety	Disc	losure	s																
																						
	Not a	pplicable	.																			
																						
	Part	II																				
																						
	Item	5. Mar	ket for	Reg	istrant'	s	Com	mon	E	q	uity,	R	elat	ed Sto	ck	holder	Matters and I	ssuer Pu	rc	hases o	f Equ	ity
	Sec	urities																				
																						
	Our c	ommon	stock is	traded	on the	Na	sdaq	Globa	l	Se	lect	Ma	rket	under t	he	symbol N	VDA. Public tra	ding of our	co	mmon sto	ck be	gan
	on J	anuary 2	2, 1999	. Prio	r to th	at,	ther	e was		no	pu	blic	ma	rket for	o	ur comm	on stock. As	of Februar	y	16, 2024,	we	had
	appro	ximately	382 reg	istered	shareh	old	ers, n	ot incl	u	di	ng th	ose	sha	res held	in	street or n	ominee name.					
																						
	Issue	r Purcha	ses of	Equity	Securi	tie	s															
																						
	In Au	gust 202	3, our B	oard	of Direc	tors	app	roved	a	n i	ncre	as	e to o	ur shar	e	repurchas	e program of a	n additional	$	25.0 billio	n, with	out
	expir	ation. Dur	ing fisca	l year	2024,	we	repur	chase	d	21	mill	ion	shar	es of o	ur	common s	tock for $9.7 bi	llion. As of	Ja	nuary 28,	2024,	we
	were	authorize	d, subje	ct to c	ertain s	pec	ificati	ons, t	o	re	purch	as	e add	itional	sh	ares of our	common stock	up to $22.5	bi	llion.		
																						
	The r	epurchas	es can	be ma	de in t	he	open	marke	t,	in	priv	at	ely ne	gotiate	d t	ransaction	s, pursuant to	a Rule 10b	5-	1 trading	plan o	r in
	struc	tured sha	re repur	chase	progra	ms,	and	can b	e	m	ade	in	one	or more	l	arger repu	rchases, in com	pliance wi	th	Rule 10b-	18 of	the
	Exch	ange Act,	subject	to ma	rket co	ndit	ions,	applic	a	ble	lega	l r	equir	ements,	a	nd other fa	ctors. The prog	ram does	not	obligate	NVIDI	A to
	acqui	re any pa	rticular	amoun	t of com	m	on sto	ck an	d	th	e pro	gra	m m	ay be s	usp	ended at	any time at our	discretion.				
																						
	In fis	cal year	2024, w	e pai	d $395	mil	lion i	n quar	t	erl	y cas	h	divid	ends. O	ur	cash divi	dend program	and the pa	ym	ent of fu	ture c	ash
	divid	ends und	er that	progra	m are	su	bject	to our		Bo	ard	of	Dire	ctors' c	ont	inuing de	termination tha	t the divide	nd	program	and	the
	decla	ration of	dividend	s ther	eunder	are	in the	best	in	te	rests	of	our s	harehol	de	rs.						
																						
	The f	ollowing t	able pre	sents	details	of o	ur sh	are re	pu	rc	hase	tr	ansac	tions d	uri	ng the four	th quarter of fis	cal year 20	24:			
																						
																	Total Numb	er of	Ap	proximat	e Doll	ar
								Tot	a	l N	umb	er					Shares Purcha	sed as V	al	ue of Sha	res th	at
								o	f	S	hare	s					Part of Pub	licly		May Yet	Be	
								P	u	rc	hase	d		Avera	ge	Price	Announced Pr	ogram P	ur	chased U	nder t	he
			Per	iod				(In		mi	llion	s)		Paid p	er	Share	(In million	s) P	ro	gram (In	billion	s)
	Octo	ber 30, 2	023 - No	vemb	er 26, 20	23						0.	9 $			464.39		0.9 $			24	.8
	Nove	mber 27,	2023 -	Decem	ber 24,	20	23					1.	1 $			477.26		1.1 $			24	.3
	Dece	mber 25,	2023 -	Januar	y 28, 20	24						3.	3 $			540.85		3.3 $			22	.5
	Total											5.	3					5.3				
																						
	From	January	29, 202	4 to Fe	bruary	16,	2024	, we r	ep	ur	chas	ed	2.8	million s	ha	res for $1.	9 billion pursua	nt to a Rule	10	b5-1 tradi	ng pla	n.
																						
	Rest	ricted St	ock Unit	Shar	e Withh	old	ing															
																						
	We w	ithhold c	ommon	stock	shares	ass	ociat	ed wit	h	ne	t sha	re	settl	ements	to	cover tax	withholding obl	igations up	on	the vestin	g of R	SU
	awar	ds under	our emp	loyee	equity in	ce	ntive	progra	m	.	Durin	g f	iscal	year 20	24	, we withh	eld					
																						
														32								
																						
htt	ps://w	ww.sec.go	v/Archive	s/edga	r/data/10	458	10/00	010458	1	02	4000	029	/nvda	-202401	28.	htm						51/118


Table 14: financial_page_055_table_001.csv

	Table of Contents																						
																							
	Global Trade																						
																							
	During the third quar	ter of	fiscal year 2023	,	the U	SG,	announced	lic	e	ns	ing require	me	nts tha	t, w	it	h	certa	in	exceptions, im	pa	ct	export	s to
	China (including Hon	g Ko	ng and Macau)	a	nd Ru	ssia	of our A10	0	a	nd	H100 inte	gra	ted cir	cuit	s,	D	GX	or	any other sys	te	ms	or boa	rds
	which incorporate A1	00 or	H100 integrated	c	ircuits	.																	
																							
	In July 2023, the US	G inf	ormed us of an	a	ddition	al li	censing req	ui	re	m	ent for a s	ubs	et of A	10	0 a	n	d H	10	0 products de	stin	ed	to cer	tain
	customers and other	regio	ns, including so	me	coun	tries	in the Mid	dle	E	a	st.												
																							
	In October 2023, the	USG	announced new		and up	dat	ed licensing	r	eq	u	irements th	at	became	ef	fe	cti	ve in	o	ur fourth quart	er	of	fiscal y	ear
	2024 for exports to C	hina	and Country Gro	u	ps D1	, D4	, and D5 (i	ncl	u	di	ng but not l	imi	ted to	Sau	di	A	rabia	, t	he United Ara	b E	m	irates,	and
	Vietnam, but excludi	ng Is	rael) of our prod	uc	ts ex	ceed	ing certain	pe	rf	o	rmance thr	esh	olds, i	nclu	di	ng	A1	00	, A800, H100,	H8	0	0, L4, L	40,
	L40S and RTX 4090	. The	licensing requir	e	ments	als	o apply to	the		ex	port of pro	duc	ts exc	eed	in	g	cert	ain	performance	thr	e	sholds t	o a
	party headquartered	in, or	with an ultimate	p	arent	hea	dquartered	in,	C	o	untry Grou	p D	5, inclu	din	g	C	hina	. O	n October 23,	20	2	3, the U	SG
	informed us the licen	sing	requirements we	r	e effe	ctive	immediate	ly	fo	r	shipments	of	our A1	00,	A	80	0, H	10	0, H800, and	L4	0	S produ	cts.
	Our sales to China d	ecrea	sed as a percent	a	ge of t	otal	Data Cent	er r	e	ve	nue from 1	9%	in fisc	al y	ea	r	202	3 t	o 14% in fiscal	ye	ar	2024.	
																							
	We have not receive	d lice	nses to ship thes	e	restri	cted	products to	C	h	in	a. We are w	or	king to	ex	pa	nd	our	D	ata Center pro	du	ct	portfoli	o to
	offer new solutions,	inclu	ding those for wh	ic	h the	US	G does not	re	q	ui	re a licens	e o	r adva	nce	n	ot	ice	be	fore each ship	me	n	t. We h	ave
	started to ship altern	ative	s to the China m	a	rket in	sm	all volumes	.	Ch	i	na represen	ted	a mid	-si	ngl	e	digit	p	ercentage of	our	D	ata Ce	nter
	revenue in the fourth	quar	ter of fiscal year	2	024 d	ue t	o USG lice	nsi	ng	r	equirement	s a	nd we	ex	pe	ct	Chi	na	to be in a sim	ilar	r	ange in	the
	first quarter of fiscal	year	2025. To the ext	en	t that	a c	ustomer re	qui	re	s	products c	ove	red by	the	li	ce	nsin	g	requirements,	we		may see	k a
	license for the custo	mer b	ut have no assur	a	nce th	at th	e USG will	gr	an	t	such a lice	nse	, or tha	t th	e	U	SG	wil	l act on the lic	ens	e	applica	tion
	in a timely manner or	at al	l.																				
																							
	Our competitive posi	tion	has been harme	d,	and o	ur c	ompetitive	po	s	iti	on and futu	re	results	m	ay	b	e fur	th	er harmed in t	he	lo	ng ter	m, if
	there are further cha	nges	in the USG’s ex	po	rt con	trol	s. Given th	e i	nc	re	asing strat	egi	c impo	rtan	ce		of AI	a	nd rising geop	oliti	ca	l tensio	ns,
	the USG has change	d an	d may again cha	n	ge the	ex	port control	ru	le	s	at any time	a	nd furth	er	su	bj	ect	a	wider range of	ou	r	product	s to
	export restrictions an	d lice	nsing requireme	n	ts, ne	gativ	ely impacti	ng	o	u	r business	and	financ	ial	re	su	lts.	In	the event of s	uch	c	hange,	we
	may be unable to se	ll our	inventory of suc	h	produ	cts	and may b	e	un	a	ble to deve	lop	replac	em	en	t	prod	uc	ts not subject	to	th	e licens	ing
	requirements, effecti	vely e	xcluding us from	a	ll or p	art o	f the China	m	a	rk	et, as well a	s o	ther im	pa	cte	d	mar	ke	ts, including th	e	Mi	ddle Ea	st.
																							
	While we work to en	hanc	e the resiliency a	n	d redu	nda	ncy of our	sup	p	ly	chain, whi	ch i	s curre	ntl	y c	o	ncen	tra	ted in the Asi	a-P	ac	ific reg	ion,
	new and existing ex	port	controls or chan	ge	s to e	xist	ing export	co	nt	ro	ls could lim	it	alternat	ive	m	a	nufa	ct	uring locations	an	d	negati	vely
	impact our business	. Re	fer to “Item 1A.	R	isk F	acto	rs – Risks	R	e	la	ted to Reg	ula	tory, L	ega	l,	O	ur	Sto	ck and Other	M	at	ters” fo	r a
	discussion of this pot	entia	l impact.																				
																							
	Macroeconomic Fa	ctors																					
																							
	Macroeconomic fact	ors, i	ncluding inflation,	i	ncrea	sed	interest rat	es,	c	a	pital marke	t v	olatility,	gl	ob	al	sup	ply	chain constr	aint	s	and glo	bal
	economic and geopo	litical	developments,	m	ay ha	ve d	irect and in	dir	e	ct	impacts on	ou	r resul	ts o	f	op	erati	on	s, particularly	de	m	and for	our
	products. While diffic	ult to	isolate and quan	ti	fy, the	se	macroecono	mi	c	fa	ctors can a	lso	impac	t o	ur	su	pply	c	hain and manu	fa	ctu	ring co	sts,
	employee wages, co	sts fo	r capital equipme	n	t and	valu	e of our inv	es	tm	e	nts. Our pr	odu	ct and	sol	ut	io	n pri	cin	g generally do	es	n	ot fluctu	ate
	with short-term chan	ges in	our costs. Withi	n	our su	ppl	y chain, we	co	nt	in	uously man	ag	e prod	uct	av	ai	labil	ity	and costs with	o	ur	vendor	s.
																							
	Israel and Hamas C	onfli	ct																				
																							
	We are monitoring t	he im	pact of the geop	ol	itical	conf	lict in and	aro	u	nd	Israel on	our	operat	ion	s,	in	clud	in	g the health a	nd	sa	fety of	our
	approximately 3,700	empl	oyees in the regi	o	n who	prim	arily suppo	rt	th	e	research a	nd	develo	pm	en	t,	oper	at	ions, and sale	s a	nd	marke	ting
	of our networking pr	oduct	s. Our operating	e	xpens	es i	n fiscal ye	ar	20	2	4 include e	xp	enses f	or	fin	an	cial	su	pport to impa	cte	d	employ	ees
	and charitable activi	ty. W	e believe our gl	ob	al su	pply	chain for	ou	r	n	etworking p	rod	ucts h	as	no	t	exp	eri	enced any sig	nif	ic	ant imp	act.
	Further, in connectio	n wit	h the conflict, a s	u	bstant	ial n	umber of o	ur	e	m	ployees in t	he	region	ha	ve	b	een	ca	lled-up for act	ive	m	ilitary d	uty
	in Israel. Accordingly	, som	e of our employ	ee	s in Is	rae	l have been	a	b	se	nt for an ex	te	nded p	erio	d	an	d th	ey	or others ma	y c	on	tinue to	be
	absent, which may c	ause	disruption to our	p	roduc	t de	velopment	or	op	e	rations. We	di	d not e	xpe	rie	n	ce a	ny	significant im	pac	t	or expe	nse
	to our business; ho	wever	, if the conflict i	s	furthe	r ex	tended, it c	ou	ld	i	mpact futu	re	produc	t d	ev	el	opm	en	t, operations,	an	d	revenue	or
	create other uncertai	nty fo	r our business.																				
																							
								3	5														
																							
htt	ps://www.sec.gov/Archiv	es/ed	gar/data/1045810/	00	01045	8102	4000029/nv	da-	2	02	40128.htm												55/118


Table 15: financial_page_056_table_001.csv

7/25, 1:58 PM									nvda-20240128										
																			
Table of Conte	nts																		
																			
Fiscal Year 2	024 Summary																		
																			
															Year Ended				
									Jan 28,	202	4			J	an 29, 2023			Change	
																			
										($	in		milli	ons	, except per	sh	are d	ata)	
Revenue									$ 60	,92	2			$	26,974			Up 12	6%
Gross margi	n									72.	7	%			56.9	%		Up 15.8	pts
Operating ex	penses								$ 11	,32	9			$	11,132			Up	2%
Operating in	come								$ 32	,97	2			$	4,224			Up 68	1%
Net income									$ 29	,76	0			$	4,368			Up 58	1%
Net income p	er diluted shar	e							$ 1	1.9	3			$	1.74			Up 58	6%
																			
We specializ	e in markets	where	our comp	uting platform	s	can	pro	vid	e tremendous	ac	c	e	lera	tion	for applica	ti	ons. T	hese platfo	rms
incorporate p	rocessors, inte	rconne	cts, softw	are, algorithm	s,	syste	ms,	a	nd services to	deli	v	e	r un	iqu	e value. Our	p	latfor	ms address f	our
large market	s where our ex	pertise	is critical:	Data Center,	Ga	ming,	Pro	fe	ssional Visuali	zati	o	n,	an	d Au	tomotive.				
																			
Revenue for	fiscal year 202	4 was $	60.9 billio	n, up 126% fr	om	a ye	ar a	go	.										
																			
Data Center	revenue for fi	scal ye	ar 2024 w	as up 217%.	S	trong	de	m	and was drive	n b	y	e	nte	rpri	se software	a	nd co	nsumer inte	rnet
applications,	and multiple in	dustry	verticals in	cluding autom	ot	ive, f	inan	ci	al services, an	d h	ea	lt	hca	re.	Customers a	c	ross in	dustry verti	cals
access NVID	IA AI infrastruc	ture bo	th through	the cloud an	d o	n-pre	mis	es	. Data Center	com	p	u	te r	eve	nue was up	2	44% in	the fiscal y	ear.
Networking r	evenue was up	133%	in the fisc	al year.															
																			
Gaming reve	nue for fiscal y	ear 20	24 was up	15%. The inc	rea	se r	efle	cts	higher sell-in t	o p	a	rt	ner	s fol	lowing the n	or	maliz	ation of chan	nel
inventory lev	els and growin	g dema	nd.																
																			
Professional	Visualization re	venue	for fiscal y	ear 2024 was	up	1%.													
																			
Automotive r	evenue for the	fiscal y	ear 2024 w	as up 21%. T	he	incr	ease	p	rimarily reflect	ed g	r	o	wth	in s	elf-driving pl	at	forms	.	
																			
Gross margi	n increased in	fiscal y	ear 2024,	primarily driv	en	by	Data	C	enter revenue	gr	o	wt	h a	nd	lower net inv	e	ntory	provisions a	s a
percentage o	f revenue.																		
																			
Operating ex	penses increa	sed for	fiscal year	2024, driven	by	gro	wth	in	employees an	d c	o	m	pen	sati	on increases	.	Fiscal	year 2023	also
included a $1	.4 billion acqui	sition t	ermination	charge relate	d t	o the	pro	po	sed Arm transa	cti	on	.							
																			
Market Platf	orm Highlight	s																	
																			
Data Center	revenue for fis	cal yea	r 2024 wa	s $47.5 billio	n,	up 2	17%	fr	om fiscal year	20	2	3.	In	Dat	a Center, we	l	aunch	ed AI infere	nce
platforms tha	t combine ou	r full-st	ack infere	nce software	wi	th N	VID	IA	Ada, NVIDIA	Ho	p	p	er	and	NVIDIA Gra	c	e Hop	per process	ors
optimized for	generative AI,	LLMs	and other	AI workloads	. W	e in	trod	uc	ed NVIDIA DG	X	Cl	o	ud	and	AI Foundati	o	ns to h	elp busines	ses
create and o	perate custom	large l	anguage m	odels and ge	ne	rativ	e AI	m	odels. As AV a	lgo	ri	th	ms	mo	ve to video t	ra	nsfor	mers, and m	ore
cars are equi	pped with cam	eras, w	e expect	NVIDIA’s auto	mo	tive	data	c	enter processin	g d	e	m	an	d to	grow signific	a	ntly. W	e estimate	that
in fiscal year	2024, approxi	mately	40% of Da	ta Center reve	nu	e wa	s fo	r A	I inference. In	the	f	o	urth	qu	arter of fiscal	y	ear 2	024, large cl	oud
providers rep	resented mor	e than	half of ou	r Data Cente	r r	even	ue,	su	pporting both	inte	r	n	al	work	loads and e	xt	ernal	customers.	We
announced N	VIDIA Spectru	m-X, a	n accelerat	ed networkin	g pl	atfor	m fo	r	AI.										
																			
Gaming reve	nue for fiscal y	ear 20	24 was $1	0.4 billion, up	15	% fr	om	fis	cal year 2023.	In	G	a	min	g, w	e launched t	h	e GeF	orce RTX 4	060
and 4070 GP	Us based on t	he NVI	DIA Ada L	ovelace archi	tec	ture.	We	a	nnounced NVI	DIA	A	v	ata	r Cl	oud Engine f	or	Gam	es, a custom	AI
model foundr	y service using	AI-po	wered natu	ral language	int	eract	ions	to	transform ga	mes	a	n	d l	aunc	hed DLSS 3	.	5 Ray	Reconstruct	ion.
Additionally,	we released	Tensor	RT-LLM fo	r Windows a	nd	laun	che	d	GeForce RTX	4	0-	S	eri	es S	UPER GPU	s	. Gam	ing reache	d a
milestone of	500 AI-powere	d RTX	games and	applications	util	izing	NV	ID	IA DLSS, ray tr	aci	n	g	and	oth	er NVIDIA R	T	X tech	nologies.	
																			
Professional	Visualization r	evenue	for fiscal	year 2024 wa	s $	1.6	billio	n,	up 1% from fi	sca	l	y	ear	202	3. In Profes	si	onal V	isualization,	we
announced n	ew GPUs base	d on th	e NVIDIA	RTX Ada Lov	ela	ce ar	chit	ec	ture, and anno	unc	e	d	NV	IDIA	Omniverse	C	loud,	a fully mana	ged
service runni	ng in Microsoft	Azure,	for the de	velopment an	d d	eploy	me	nt	of industrial me	tav	e	rs	e a	ppli	cations.				
																			
Automotive r	evenue for fisc	al year	2024 was	$1.1 billion, u	p 2	1% f	rom	fi	scal year 2023.	In	A	u	tom	otiv	e, we annou	n	ced a	partnership	with
MediaTek, w	hich will develo	p main	stream au	tomotive syst	em	s on	chip	s	for global OEM	s in	t	e	grat	ing	a new NVIDI	A	GPU	chiplet IP fo	r AI
and graphics	. We furthered	our col	laboration	with Foxconn	to	deve	lop	ne	xt-generation										
																			
							36												
																			
ps://www.sec.g	ov/Archives/edg	ar/data/1	045810/00	0104581024000	02	9/nvd	a-20	24	0128.htm										56/118


Table 16: financial_page_058_table_001.csv

Table of Content	s																			
																				
electric vehicle	s, and	announce	d f	urth	er adoption of N	VIDIA DRIVE	pl	atform	with B	YD,	XPEN	G, G	WM,	Li	Au	to, ZE	E	KR and Xia	omi.	
																				
Critical Acco	unti	ng Estima	te	s																
																				
Our consolidat	ed fin	ancial state	me	nts	are prepared in	accordance	wi	th acco	unting	prin	ciples	gene	rally	ac	ce	pted i	n t	he United	States	, or
U.S. GAAP. Th	e pre	paration of t	he	se	financial stateme	nts requires	us	to mak	e esti	mate	s and	judgm	ents	th	at	affect	th	e reported	amou	nts
of assets, liabil	ities,	revenue, co	st	of r	evenue, expense	s and relate	d	disclosu	re of	conti	ngenci	es. C	ritica	l a	cc	ountin	g	estimates	are th	ose
estimates that	involv	e a signific	ant	le	vel of estimation	uncertainty	an	d could	have	a m	aterial	impa	ct on	o	ur	financ	ial	condition	or res	ults
of operations.	We ha	ve critical	acc	ou	nting estimates in	the areas o	f i	nventori	es, re	venu	e reco	gnitio	n, an	d	in	come	ta	xes. Refer	to No	te 1
of the Notes t	o the	Consolidat	ed	Fi	nancial Stateme	nts in Part I	V,	Item 1	5 of t	his A	nnual	Rep	ort o	n	Fo	rm 1	0-K	for a su	mmar	y of
significant acco	untin	g policies.																		
																				
Inventories																				
																				
We charge cos	t of s	ales for inve	nt	ory	provisions to writ	e-down our	inv	entory	to the	lowe	r of co	st or	net r	ea	liz	able v	al	ue or for ob	solet	e or
excess invento	ry, an	d for exces	s p	rod	uct purchase co	mmitments. M	o	st of ou	r inven	tory	provis	ions r	elate	t	o e	xcess	q	uantities of	prod	ucts
or component	s, bas	ed on our	in	ven	tory levels and	future prod	uct	purch	ase c	omm	itment	s co	mpare	d	t	o ass	um	ptions abo	ut fut	ure
demand and m	arket	conditions,	wh	ich	requires manag	ement judgm	en	t.												
																				
Situations that	may	result in ex	ce	ss	or obsolete inven	tory or exce	ss	produc	t purc	has	e com	mitme	nts i	nc	lu	de cha	ng	es in busi	ness	and
economic con	dition	s, changes	i	n	market condition	s, sudden a	nd	signif	icant	decr	eases	in d	ema	nd	f	or ou	r	products,	inven	tory
obsolescence	becau	se of chan	gi	ng	technology and	customer re	qu	irement	s, ne	w pr	oduct	introd	uctio	ns	r	esultin	g	in less de	mand	for
existing produc	ts or	inconsisten	t s	pik	es in demand, fail	ure to estim	ate	custo	mer de	man	d prop	erly,	order	in	g i	n adv	an	ce of histor	ical le	ad-
times, governm	ent r	egulations	an	d th	e impact of chan	ges in futur	e d	emand	, or in	crea	se in d	ema	nd fo	r c	o	mpetiti	ve	products,	includ	ing
competitive act	ions.	Cancellatio	n o	r d	eferral of custom	er purchase	ord	ers co	uld res	ult in	our h	olding	exc	es	s	invent	ory	.		
																				
The net effect	on ou	r gross ma	rgi	n fr	om inventory pro	visions and	sa	les of it	ems p	revi	ously	written	dow	n	w	as an	un	favorable	impac	t of
2.7% in fiscal	year	2024 and 7	.5	% i	n fiscal year 202	3. Our inven	tor	y and	capaci	ty p	urchas	e co	mmitm	e	nt	s are	ba	sed on for	ecast	s of
future custome	r dem	and. We ac	co	unt	for our third-part	y manufactu	rer	s' lead	times	and	constr	aints.	Our	m	an	ufactu	rin	g lead time	s can	be
and have been	long	, and in so	me	ca	ses, extended be	yond twelve	m	onths f	or som	e pr	oducts	. We	may	p	la	ce non	-c	ancellable	inven	tory
orders for cert	ain pr	oduct com	po	nen	ts in advance of	our historic	al	lead ti	mes, p	ay	premiu	ms a	nd pr	o	vid	e dep	os	its to secu	re fut	ure
supply and ca	pacity	. We also	adj	ust	to other market	factors, suc	h	as prod	uct o	fferin	gs an	d pric	ing a	c	tio	ns by	o	ur competit	ors,	new
product transiti	ons, a	nd macroe	co	nom	ic conditions - al	l of which m	ay	impact	dema	nd fo	r our p	rodu	cts.							
																				
Refer to the Gr	oss P	rofit and Gr	os	s M	argin discussion	below in this	M	anage	ment's	Disc	ussion	and	Anal	ys	is	for fur	the	r discussio	n.	
																				
Income Taxes																				
We are subjec	t to in	come taxe	s i	n th	e U.S. and forei	gn jurisdictio	ns	. Our c	alcula	tion	of def	erred	tax a	s	se	ts and	li	abilities is	based	on
certain estima	tes a	nd judgmen	ts	an	d involves deali	ng with unc	ert	ainties	in the	app	licatio	n of	comp	le	x	tax la	ws	. Our esti	mates	of
deferred tax a	ssets	and liabilit	ies	m	ay change base	d, in part, o	n	added	certain	ty o	r finali	ty to	an a	nt	ici	pated	o	utcome, ch	ange	s in
accounting sta	ndard	s or tax la	ws	in t	he U.S. or foreig	n jurisdiction	s	where	we op	erat	e, or c	hang	es in	ot	he	r fact	s o	r circumst	ances	. In
addition, we re	cogn	ize liabilitie	s f	or	potential U.S. an	d foreign in	co	me tax	contin	gen	cies b	ased	on o	ur	e	stimat	e	of whether,	and	the
extent to whic	h, add	itional taxe	s	ma	y be due. If we	determine th	at	payme	nt of t	hese	amo	unts i	s un	ne	ce	ssary	or	if the rec	orded	tax
liability is less t	han o	ur current	ass	es	sment, we may b	e required to	re	cogniz	e an in	com	e tax	benef	it or	ad	dit	ional i	nc	ome tax ex	pens	e in
our financial st	ateme	nts accordi	ngl	y.																
																				
As of the end	of fisc	al years 20	24	an	d 2023, we had a	valuation al	lo	wance o	f $1.6	billi	on and	$1.5	billio	n,	re	spect	ive	ly, related	to ca	pital
loss carryforwa	rds,	and certain	st	ate	and other deferr	ed tax asse	ts	that ma	nage	ment	deter	mined	are	n	ot	likely	to	be realize	d due	, in
part, to jurisdic	tional	projection	s o	f fu	ture taxable inc	ome, includin	g	capital	gains	. To	the ex	tent	realiz	at	io	n of th	e	deferred ta	x ass	ets
becomes more	-likely	-than-not,	we	wo	uld recognize suc	h deferred t	ax	assets	as inc	ome	tax be	nefits	duri	ng	th	e peri	od	.		
																				
We recognize t	he be	nefit from a	ta	x p	osition only if it is	more-likely-	th	an-not t	hat th	e po	sition w	ould	be s	us	tai	ned u	po	n audit bas	ed so	lely
on the technic	al me	rits of the	tax	p	osition. Our polic	y is to inclu	de	interes	t and	pen	alties	relate	d to	u	nr	ecogni	ze	d tax ben	efits a	s a
component of i	ncom	e tax expen	se	.																
																				
							37													
																				
ps://www.sec.gov	/Archi	ves/edgar/da	ta/	104	5810/00010458102	4000029/nvda	-2	0240128	.htm											58/118


Table 17: financial_page_059_table_001.csv

7/25, 1:58 PM								nv	da-	20	240	12	8										
																							
Table of Contents																							
																							
Revenue Recognition																							
																							
Revenue Allowances																							
																							
For products sold with a rig	ht of	return, we	re	cord	a reduction t	o re	venu	e b	y	es	tabli	s	hi	ng	a sale	s return	all	ow	anc	e	for estim	ated prod	uct
returns at the time revenue	is re	cognized,	ba	sed	primarily on	hist	orical	re	tur	n	rate	s.	H	ow	ever,	if produ	ct	ret	urn	s	for a fisc	al period	are
anticipated to exceed histo	rical	return rate	s	, we	may determ	ine	that	ad	dit	io	nal	s	ale	s r	eturn	allowan	ce	s	are	r	equired t	o reflect	our
estimated exposure for prod	uct r	eturns. Ret	ur	n rig	hts for certai	n sto	cking	d	istr	ib	utor	s	fo	r sp	ecific	product	s a	re	co	ntr	actually l	imited ba	sed
on a percentage of prior q	uarte	r shipment	s.	For	shipments t	o ot	her c	us	to	me	rs,	w	e	do	not a	llow retu	rn	s,	alth	o	ugh we	may appr	ove
returns for credit or refund b	ased	on applica	bl	e fa	cts and circu	msta	nces.																
																							
We account for customer pr	ogra	ms, which i	n	volv	e rebates and	ma	rketin	g	de	ve	lop	m	en	t fu	nds, a	s a redu	ct	ion	in	re	venue an	d accrue	for
such programs based on t	he a	mount we	e	xpec	t to be claim	ed	by cu	st	om	er	s.	C	ert	ain	custo	mer pro	gr	a	ms i	n	clude dist	ributor p	rice
incentives or other channel	prog	rams for sp	e	cific	products and	cus	tome	r c	las	se	s w	h	ic	h re	quire	judgem	en	t a	s to	w	hether th	e applica	ble
incentives will be attained.	Estim	ates for cu	st	ome	r program ac	crua	ls inc	lu	de	a	com	b	in	atio	n of h	istorical	at	tai	nm	en	t and cla	im rates	and
may be adjusted based on r	eleva	nt internal	a	nd e	xternal factor	s.																	
																							
License and Development	Arra	ngements																					
																							
Revenue from License and	Deve	lopment Ar	ra	nge	ments is reco	gniz	ed ov	er	th	e	peri	od	i	n w	hich t	he devel	op	m	ent	se	rvices ar	e perform	ed.
Each fiscal reporting period	, we	measure pr	o	gres	s to completio	n b	ased	on	ac	tu	al c	os	t	inc	urred t	o date a	s	a p	erc	e	ntage of t	he estima	ted
total cost required to compl	ete e	ach project	.	Estim	ated total co	st fo	r eac	h	pro	je	ct in	cl	ud	es	a fore	cast of i	nt	ern	al	en	gineer pe	rsonnel t	ime
expected to be incurred and	othe	r third-part	y	cost	s as applicabl	e.																	
																							
Contracts with Multiple Pe	rfor	mance Obl	ig	atio	ns																		
																							
Our contracts may contain	mor	e than one	p	erfo	rmance oblig	atio	n. Jud	g	em	en	t is	r	eq	uir	ed in	determin	in	g	whe	th	er each	performa	nce
obligation within a custome	r co	ntract is di	sti	nct.	Except for L	icen	se an	d	D	ev	elop	m	e	nt A	rrang	ements,	N	VI	DIA	p	roducts	and servi	ces
function on a standalone	basi	s and do	n	ot r	equire a sig	nific	ant a	mo	un	t	of i	n	te	grat	ion o	r interd	ep	en	den	cy	. Theref	ore, mult	iple
performance obligations co	ntain	ed within a		cust	omer contrac	t ar	e con	sid	er	ed	dis	ti	nc	t a	nd are	not co	m	bin	ed	fo	r revenu	e recogni	tion
purposes.																							
																							
We allocate the total transa	ction	price to e	ac	h di	stinct perform	anc	e obli	ga	tio	n	in a		mu	ltip	le per	formanc	e	ob	liga	tio	ns arran	gement o	n a
relative standalone selling p	rice	basis. In ce	rt	ain c	ases, we can	est	ablish	s	tan	d	alon	e	s	ellin	g pric	e based	o	n d	irec	tl	y observa	ble price	s of
products or services sold	sepa	rately in c	o	mpar	able circums	tanc	es to	s	im	ila	r cu	s	to	me	rs. If	standalo	n	e	selli	ng	price is	not dire	ctly
observable, such as when	we d	o not sell a	p	rodu	ct or service	sep	aratel	y,	we	d	ete	rm	in	e s	tanda	lone sel	lin	g	pric	e	based on	market d	ata
and other observable inputs	.																						
																							
Change in Accounting Est	imat	e																					
In February 2023, we asses	sed t	he useful li	ve	s of	our property,	pla	nt, an	d	eq	uip	me	nt	. B	as	ed on	advance	s	in	tec	hn	ology an	d usage r	ate,
we increased the estimated	usef	ul life of a	m	ajorit	y of the serv	er, s	torag	e,	an	d	netw	o	rk	eq	uipme	nt from	thr	ee	ye	ar	s to a ran	ge of fou	r to
five years, and assembly an	d tes	t equipmen	t	from	five years to	sev	en ye	ar	s.	Th	e es	ti	m	ate	d effec	t of this	ch	an	ge	fo	r fiscal ye	ar 2024	was
a benefit of $33 million an	d $1	02 million f	or	cos	t of revenue	and	oper	at	ing	e	xpe	n	se	s, r	espe	ctively, w	hi	ch	res	u	lted in an	increas	e in
operating income of $135 m	illion	and net inc	o	me	of $114 millio	n aft	er tax	, o	r $	0.	05 p	e	r	both	basi	c and dil	ute	d	sha	re	.		
																							
Results of Operations																							
																							
A discussion regarding our	finan	cial conditi	on	an	d results of o	pera	tions	fo	r fi	sc	al y	e	ar	20	24 co	mpared	to	fis	cal	y	ear 2023	is presen	ted
below. A discussion regardi	ng ou	r financial	co	ndit	ion and resul	ts of	oper	ati	on	s f	or f	is	ca	l ye	ar 20	23 comp	ar	ed	to	fis	cal year	2022 can	be
found under Item 7 in our A	nnua	l Report on		Form	10-K for the	fisc	al ye	ar	en	de	d J	a	nu	ary	29, 2	023, file	d	wit	h th	e	SEC on	February	24,
2023, which is available	free	of charge		on	the SEC’s w	ebs	ite a	t	htt	p:/	/ww	w	.s	ec.	gov a	nd at	our	i	nve	st	or relatio	ns webs	ite,
http://investor.nvidia.com.																							
																							
							38																
																							
ps://www.sec.gov/Archives/edg	ar/dat	a/1045810/0	00	1045	81024000029/	nvda	-2024	01	28.	ht	m												59/118


Table 18: financial_page_060_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:58 PM															nv	da-	202	401	28																
																																					
	Table	of Content	s																																		
																																					
	The	following	ta	bl	e	sets forth,	for	the	pe	riods	indic	ate	d, c	ertain	ite	m	s	in	our	Co	ns	oli	da	ted	Sta	teme	nts	of	In	com	e		exp	res	sed	as	a
	perce	ntage of r	e	ve	nu	e.																															
																																					
																												Yea	r	End	e	d					
																									Jan	28,	202	4				J	an	29,	2023		
	Reve	nue																									100	.0 %							100.	0	%
	C	ost of reve	n	ue																							27	.3							43.	1	
	Gros	s profit																									72	.7							56.	9	
	Oper	ating exp	en	se	s																																
	R	esearch a	nd	d	e	velopment																					14	.2							27.	2	
	S	ales, gene	ra	l a	n	d administra	tiv	e																			4	.4							9.	1	
	Ac	quisition t	e	rm	in	ation cost																						—							5.	0	
		Total	op	er	a	ting expens	es																				18	.6							41.	3	
	Oper	ating inco	m	e																							54	.1							15.	6	
	In	terest inco	m	e																							1	.4							1.	0	
	In	terest exp	e	ns	e																						(0	.4)							(1.	0)	
	Ot	her, net																									0	.4							(0.	1)	
		Other	i	nc	om	e (expense	),	net																			1	.4							(0.	1)	
	Inco	me before	in	co	m	e tax																					55	.5							15.	5	
	Inco	me tax exp	e	ns	e	(benefit)																					6	.6							(0.	7)	
	Net i	ncome																									48	.9 %							16.	2	%
																																					
	Repo	rtable Se	g	m	en	ts																															
																																					
	Reve	nue by R	e	po	rt	able Segm	ent	s																													
																																					
																								Yea	r E	nded											
																												$							%		
														Jan	28,	2	02	4		J	an	29	,	202	3		Ch	ang	e					Cha	nge		
																																					
																								($ in	mil	lions	)										
	Com	pute & Ne	tw	o	rki	ng								$		4	7,	405		$				15,0	68	$		32	,3	37					21	5	%
	Grap	hics														1	3,	517						11,9	06			1	,6	11					1	4	%
	Total													$		6	0,	922		$				26,9	74	$		33	,9	48					12	6	%
																																					
	Oper	ating Inc	o	me	b	y Reportab	le	Seg	me	nts																											
																																					
																								Yea	r E	nded											
																												$							%		
														Jan	28,	2	0	24		J	an	29	,	202	3		Ch	ang	e					Cha	nge		
																																					
																								($ in	mil	lions	)										
	Com	pute & Ne	tw	o	rki	ng								$		3	2,	016		$				5,0	83	$		26	,9	33					53	0	%
	Grap	hics															5,	846						4,5	52			1	,2	94					2	8	%
	All O	ther														(	4,	890	)					(5,4	11)				5	21					(1	0)	%
	Total													$		3	2,	972		$				4,2	24	$		28	,7	48					68	1	%
																																					
	Com	pute & Ne	t	wo	rk	ing revenue	–	The	ye	ar-on	-year	inc	rea	se was	d	ue	t	o	high	er	Dat	a	C	ente	r re	venu	e.	Com	p	ute	g	re	w	266	% du	e	to
	highe	r shipme	nt	s o	f	the NVIDIA	Ho	pper	G	PU c	ompu	ting	pla	tform f	or t	h	e	trai	ning	a	nd i	nf	er	ence	of	LLM	s, r	eco	m	men	d	at	ion	eng	ines	a	nd
	gene	rative AI a	p	pli	ca	tions. Netw	ork	ing w	as	up 1	33%	due	to h	igher s	hip	m	e	nts	of I	nfin	iBa	n	d.														
																																					
	Grap	hics reven	u	e	–	The year-o	n-y	ear i	ncr	ease	was	led	by	growth	in	G	a	min	g o	f 1	5%	dr	iv	en b	y h	igher	sel	l-in	t	o pa	rt	n	ers	follo	wing	t	he
	norm	alization o	f	ch	a	nnel invento	ry l	evels	.																												
																																					
	Repo	rtable se	g	me	nt	operating	inc	ome	–	The	year-o	n-y	ear	increa	se	in		Co	mpu	te	&	Ne	tw	orki	ng	and	Gra	phic	s	ope	r	at	ing	inc	ome	w	as
	drive	n by highe	r	re	ve	nue.																															
																																					
														3	9																						
																																					
htt	ps://w	ww.sec.gov	/A	rc	hiv	es/edgar/dat	a/1	0458	10/	00010	45810	240	0002	9/nvda	-202	4	01	28	.htm																	6	0/118


Table 19: financial_page_061_table_001.csv

7/25, 1:58	PM										nvda	-20240	128									
																						
Table of Co	ntents																					
																						
All Other	operatin	g lo	ss	- The year-	on-year decrea	se	w	as	due to	the $	1.4	billion	Arm	acquisitio	n ter	min	ation cost i	n	fisc	al	year 20	23,
partially o	ffset by a	$8	39	million incre	ase in stock-b	ase	d c	om	pensa	tion e	xpe	nse in f	iscal	year 202	4.							
																						
Concentr	ation of	Re	ve	nue																		
Revenue	by geog	rap	hic	region is d	esignated base	d o	n	the	billing	locat	ion	even if	the	revenue	may	be	attributable	to	en	d	custom	ers,
such as e	nterprise	s a	nd	gamers in a	different locati	on.	R	eve	nue fro	m sal	es t	o custo	mer	s outside	of the	Un	ited States	ac	co	un	ted for 5	6%
and 69%	of total re	ve	nue	for fiscal y	ears 2024 and	202	3,	res	pective	ly.												
																						
Our direct	and indi	rec	t cu	stomers inc	lude public clo	ud,	co	ns	umer in	terne	t co	mpanie	s, e	nterprises	, start	ups	, public sec	to	r e	ntit	ies, OE	Ms,
ODMs, sy	stem inte	gra	tor	s, AIB, and	distributors.																	
																						
Sales to	one cust	ome	r,	Customer A	, represented	13%	o	f t	otal rev	enue	for	fiscal	year	2024, wh	ich w	as	attributable	to	th	e	Comput	e &
Networkin	g segme	nt.																				
																						
One indir	ect custo	me	r w	hich primari	ly purchases o	ur	pro	du	cts thr	ough	syst	em inte	grat	ors and d	istribu	tor	s, including	th	rou	g	h Custo	mer
A, is esti	mated to	hav	e r	epresented	approximately	19	%	of t	otal re	venue	for	fiscal	year	2024, attr	ibuta	ble	to the Com	pu	te	&	Network	ing
segment.																						
																						
Our estim	ated Co	mpu	te	& Networkin	g demand is e	xpe	cte	d t	o rema	in con	cen	trated.										
																						
There we	re no cus	tom	er	s with 10%	or more of total	rev	en	ue	for fisc	al ye	ars 2	023 a	nd 2	022.								
																						
Gross Pr	ofit and	Gro	ss	Margin																		
																						
Gross pr	ofit consi	sts	of	total reven	ue, net of allo	wa	nc	es,	less	cost o	f re	venue	. Co	st of reve	nue	co	nsists prima	ril	y o	f	the cos	t of
semicond	uctors, i	nclu	din	g wafer fab	rication, asse	mbl	y,	test	ing an	d pac	kag	ing, bo	ard	and devic	e cos	ts,	manufactur	in	g s	up	port co	sts,
including	labor an	d o	ver	head assoc	iated with such	p	urc	ha	ses, fin	al tes	t yi	eld fall	out,	inventory	and	war	ranty provis	io	ns,	m	emory	and
compone	nt costs,	tari	ffs,	and shippin	g costs. Cost	of r	ev	enu	e also	includ	es	acquisi	tion-	related co	sts, d	ev	elopment co	st	s fo	r	license	and
service ar	rangeme	nts	, IP	-related cos	ts, and stock-b	as	ed	co	mpensa	tion r	elat	ed to p	erso	nnel asso	ciated	wi	th manufact	ur	ing	o	peration	s.
																						
Our over	all gross	ma	rgi	n increased	to 72.7% in fi	sc	al	yea	r 2024	from	56.	9% in	fisc	al year 20	23. T	he	year over	ye	ar	in	crease	was
primarily	due to str	ong	D	ata Center r	evenue growth	of	21	7%	and lo	wer n	et in	ventor	y pro	visions a	s a pe	rce	ntage of rev	e	nue	.		
																						
Provision	s for inve	nto	ry	and excess	inventory pur	cha	se	ob	ligatio	ns tot	aled	$2.2	billio	n for both	fisca	l y	ears 2024 a	n	d 2	02	3. Sale	s of
previously	reserve	d in	ve	ntory or sett	lements of exc	ess	in	ven	tory p	urcha	se o	bligatio	ns r	esulted in	a pro	visi	on release	of	$5	40	million	and
$137 milli	on for fis	cal	ye	ars 2024 a	nd 2023, respe	ctiv	el	y. T	he net	effec	t on	our gr	oss	margin w	as an	un	favorable i	mp	act	o	f 2.7%	and
7.5% in fi	scal year	s 2	024	and 2023,	respectively.																	
																						
Operatin	g Expen	ses																				
																						
														Year E	nded							
																	$				%	
									Jan 2	8, 20	24		Jan	29, 2023			Change			C	hange	
																						
														($ in m	illions	)						
Research	and dev	elo	pm	ent expense	s			$		8,6	75	$		7,339	$		1,336				18	%
% of net r	evenue									1	4.2	%		27.2	%							
Sales, ge	neral and	ad	mi	nistrative ex	penses					2,6	54			2,440			214				9	%
% of net r	evenue										4.4	%		9.1	%							
Acquisitio	n termin	atio	n c	ost							—			1,353			(1,353)				(100	)%
% of net r	evenue										—	%		5.0	%							
Total o	perating	exp	en	ses				$		11,3	29	$		11,132	$		197				2	%
% of n	et revenu	e								1	8.6	%		41.3	%							
																						
The incre	ase in re	sea	rch	and develo	pment expens	es	an	d s	ales, g	enera	l an	d admi	nistr	ative expe	nses	for	fiscal year	20	24	w	as prim	arily
driven by	compens	ati	on	and benefits	, including stoc	k-b	as	ed	compe	nsati	on, r	eflectin	g e	mployee g	rowth	an	d compensa	ti	on i	nc	reases.	
																						
Acquisiti	on Term	ina	tio	n Cost																		
																						
We recor	ded an a	cqu	isiti	on terminat	ion cost related	to	th	e A	rm tran	sacti	on o	f $1.4	billio	n in fiscal	year	202	3 reflecting	th	e w	ri	te-off of	the
prepayme	nt provid	ed	at	signing.																		
																						
										40												
																						
ps://www.s	ec.gov/Arc	hive	s/e	dgar/data/10	45810/00010458	102	40	000	29/nvda	-2024	0128	.htm										61/118


Table 20: financial_page_063_table_001.csv

7/25,	1:58	PM												nvda-20240128										
																								
Table	of Co	ntent	s																					
																								
Othe	r Inc	ome	(E	xpense), N	e	t																		
																								
															Y	ear Ended								
																						$		
													Jan 2	8, 2024	J	an 29, 2023					Ch	ange		
																								
															($	in millions)								
Inter	est in	come											$	866	$		267		$				5	99
Inter	est e	xpen	se											(257)		(	262)							5
Othe	r, ne	t												237			(48)						2	85
Ot	her i	ncom	e	(expense),	ne	t							$	846	$		(43)		$				8	89
																								
Intere	st in	come		consists of	int	erest	earn	ed o	n c	ash	, c	as	h equivalents a	nd marketable	securi	ties. The in	crea	se	in i	nt	erest	income		was
due t	o hig	her y	ie	lds on high	er	cash	balan	ces.																
																								
Intere	st e	xpens	e	is comprise	d	of co	upon i	nter	est	an	d d	eb	t discount amor	tization related	to our	notes.								
																								
Othe	r, ne	t, con	si	sts of realiz	e	d or u	nreali	zed	gai	ns	an	d l	osses from inv	estments in no	n-affilia	ted entities	and	t	he i	mp	act o	f chang	e	s in
foreig	n c	urrenc	y	rates. Cha	ng	e in	Other	, net	, c	om	pa	red	to fiscal year	2023 was dri	ven by	changes in	val	ue	fro	m	our	non-affil	ia	ted
inves	tme	nts. R	ef	er to Note 9	o	f the	Notes	to th	e	Con	so	lid	ated Financial	Statements in P	art IV,	Item 15 of t	his A	n	nual	R	eport	on Form		10-
K for	addi	tional	in	formation r	eg	ardin	g our	inve	stm	ent	s i	n n	on-affiliated en	tities.										
																								
Inco	me T	axes																						
																								
We r	ecog	nized	in	come tax e	xp	ense	of $4	.1 bil	lion	fo	r fi	sc	al year 2024 an	d income tax b	enefit o	f $187 milli	on fo	r f	isca	l y	ear 2	023. Inc	o	me
tax a	s a	perce	nt	age of inco	m	e bef	ore in	com	e ta	x w	a	s a	n expense of 1	2.0% for fisca	l year 2	024 and a	ben	efi	t of	4.	5% f	or fiscal	y	ear
2023	.																							
																								
Durin	g th	e third	q	uarter of fi	sc	al yea	r 202	4, th	e In	ter	na	l R	evenue Servic	e, or IRS, audit	of our	federal inc	ome	ta	x ret	ur	ns fo	r fiscal y	e	ars
2018	and	2019		was resolve	d.	We r	ecogn	ized	a	non	-c	as	h net benefit of	$145 million, r	elated	to this IRS	audi	t r	esol	ut	ion, f	or effect	i	vely
settle	d po	sition	s.	This bene	fit	consi	sts of	a re	du	ctio	n	in	unrecognized t	ax benefits of	$236 m	illion and r	elate	d	acc	ru	ed in	terest of		$17
millio	n, n	et of	fe	deral bene	fit,	parti	ally o	ffset	by	ad	di	tio	nal cash tax p	ayments and r	eductio	ns in tax a	ttrib	ute	ca	rry	forw	ards of	$	108
millio	n.																							
																								
The	effec	tive ta	x	rate increa	se	d due	to a	decr	eas	ed	im	pa	ct of tax benefi	ts from the FD	II dedu	ction, stock	-bas	ed	co	mp	ensa	tion, an	d	the
U.S.	fede	ral re	se	arch tax cr	ed	it, rela	tive t	o the	in	cre	as	e i	n income befor	e income tax. T	he incr	ease in the	effe	ct	ive t	ax	rate	was par	ti	ally
offset	by	a ben	efi	t due to the	I	RS au	dit re	soluti	on.															
																								
Our e	ffect	ive ta	x	rates for fis	ca	l yea	rs 202	4 an	d 2	02	3	wer	e lower than th	e U.S. federal	statutor	y rate of 21	% d	ue	pri	ma	rily t	o tax be	n	efits
from	the	FDII d	e	duction, sto	ck	-base	d co	mpen	sat	ion	a	nd	the U.S. feder	al research tax	credit.	Our effecti	ve ta	x	rate	fo	r fisc	al year	2	024
was	addit	ionall	y	benefited b	y t	he IR	S aud	it res	olu	tio	n.													
																								
The	OEC	D has	a	nnounced	an	Inclu	sive F	ram	ew	ork	on	B	ase Erosion an	d Profit Shifting	includ	ing Pillar T	wo M	o	del R	u	les fo	r a new	1	5%
globa	l mi	nimu	m	tax applica	ble	to la	rge m	ultin	ati	ona	l c	or	porations. Cert	ain jurisdiction	s, inclu	ding Europ	ean	Un	ion	m	embe	r states		and
the U	nite	d Kin	gd	om, have e	na	cted	Pillar	Two	leg	isl	ati	on	that will start t	o become effec	tive for	our fiscal	year	2	025.	T	he O	ECD, an	d	its
mem	ber	count	rie	s, continue	t	o rele	ase	new	gui	da	nc	e a	nd legislation	on Pillar Two	and we	continue t	o ev	al	uate	t	he im	pact on		our
finan	cial p	ositio	n	of the glob	al	imple	ment	ation	of	the	se	ru	les. Based on e	nacted laws, P	illar Tw	o is not ex	pect	ed	to m	a	terial	ly impac	t	our
effect	ive t	ax rat	e	or cash flo	ws	in the	next	fisca	l y	ear	. N	ew	legislation or g	uidance could	chang	e our curren	t ass	e	ssm	en	t.			
																								
Refer	to	Note	14	of the No	te	s to t	he Co	nsol	ida	ted	F	ina	ncial Statemen	ts in Part IV, I	tem 15	of this An	nual	R	epo	rt	on F	orm 10-	K	for
additi	onal	infor	m	ation.																				
																								
													41											
																								
ps://w	ww.s	ec.gov	/A	rchives/edga	r/d	ata/10	45810	/000	104	581	02	40	00029/nvda-2024	0128.htm										63/118


Table 21: financial_page_066_table_001.csv

Table of Contents																						
																						
common stock u	p t	o $22.5	billion. Fro	m	January	29, 20	24	th	rough	February	16, 20	24, w	e	repur	ch	ased 2.8	millio	n	sha	res fo	r $1.9 bil	lion
pursuant to a Ru	le	10b5-1	trading plan	. O	ur shar	e repu	rch	as	e pro	gram aims	to offs	et dil	ut	ion fro	m	shares is	sued	to	em	ploye	es. We	may
pursue addition	al	share r	epurchases	a	s we we	igh m	ark	et	fact	ors and ot	her in	vestm	e	nt op	po	rtunities.	We p	l	an t	o co	ntinue sh	are
repurchases this	fi	scal yea	r.																			
																						
The U.S. Inflatio	n	Reducti	on Act of 202	2	requires	a 1%	exc	is	e tax	on certain	share	repur	c	hases	in	excess of	shar	e	s iss	ued f	or emplo	yee
compensation m	ad	e after	December 3	1,	2022 wh	ich w	as n	ot	mate	rial for fisc	al year	2024	.									
																						
Outstanding In	de	btedne	ss and Com	m	ercial P	aper P	ro	gra	m													
																						
Our aggregate d	eb	t maturi	ties as of Ja	nu	ary 28, 2	024,	by y	e	ar pay	able, are a	s follo	ws:										
																						
																				Jan 2	8, 2024	
																						
																				(In m	illions)	
Due in one year																		$			1,2	50
Due in one to fiv	e	years																			2,2	50
Due in five to te	n y	ears																			2,7	50
Due in greater th	a	n ten ye	ars																		3,5	00
Unamortized de	bt	discoun	t and issuan	ce	costs																(	41)
Net carrying a	mo	unt																			9,7	09
Less short-term	po	rtion																			(1,2	50)
Total long-term	p	ortion																$			8,4	59
																						
We have a $575	m	illion co	mmercial pa	p	er progra	m to	sup	po	rt gen	eral corpo	rate p	urpos	e	s. As o	f t	he end of	fisca	l	year	2024	, we had	no
commercial pap	er	outstan	ding.																			
																						
Refer to Note 12	of	the No	tes to the Co	n	solidated	Fina	ncia	l S	tatem	ents in Pa	rt IV, I	tem 1	5	of this	A	nnual Re	port o	n	For	m 10	-K for furt	her
discussion.																						
																						
Material Cash R	e	quirem	ents and Ot	he	r Obliga	tions																
																						
For a description	o	f our lo	ng-term deb	t,	purchase	oblig	atio	ns	, and	operating	lease	oblig	a	tions, r	ef	er to Note	12,	N	ote	13, a	nd Note	3 of
the Notes to the	Co	nsolida	ted Financia	l S	tatemen	ts in	Part	IV	, Item	15 of this	Annua	l Rep	o	rt on F	o	rm 10-K, r	espe	ct	ively	.		
																						
We have unreco	gn	ized ta	x benefits of	$1	.3 billion	, whic	h i	ncl	udes	related int	erest a	nd p	e	nalties	of	$140 mil	lion, r	e	cord	ed in	non-cur	rent
income tax paya	ble	at the	end of fiscal	ye	ar 2024	. We a	re	un	able t	o estimate	the ti	ming o	f	any p	ot	ential tax l	iabilit	y,	inte	rest p	ayments	, or
penalties in indiv	id	ual year	s due to unc	er	tainties i	n the	und	er	lying	income tax	positi	ons a	n	d the t	im	ing of the	effec	ti	ve s	ettle	ment of s	uch
tax positions. Re	fe	r to Not	e 14 of the	No	tes to th	e Con	soli	da	ted F	inancial St	ateme	nts in		Part IV	, I	tem 15 of	this A		nnua	l Rep	ort on F	orm
10-K for further i	nfo	rmatio	n.																			
																						
Climate Change																						
To date, there h	as	been	no material i	m	pact to o	ur res	ult	s o	f ope	rations as	sociat	ed wi	th	globa	l	sustainab	ility re	g	ulat	ions,	complian	ce,
costs from sourc	in	g renew	able energy	or	climate-	relate	d b	usi	ness	trends.												
																						
Adoption of Ne	w	and Re	cently Issue	d	Accoun	ting P	ron	o	unce	ments												
Refer to Note 1	of	the No	tes to the C	o	nsolidate	d Fin	anc	ial	State	ments in	Part IV	, Item		15 of	th	is Annual	Rep	or	t on	For	m 10-K f	or a
discussion of ad	op	tion of n	ew and rece	nt	ly issued	acco	unt	ing	pron	ouncemen	ts.											
																						
Item 7A. Quan	tit	ative	and Qualita	ti	ve Disc	losu	res	a	bout	Market R	isk											
																						
Investment and	In	terest	Rate Risk																			
																						
We are exposed	t	o intere	st rate risk	re	lated to	our fi	xed	-r	ate in	vestment	portfoli	o an	d	outsta	nd	ing debt.	The	i	nves	tmen	t portfoli	o is
managed consis	te	nt with o	ur overall liq	ui	dity strat	egy in	su	pp	ort of	both worki	ng cap	ital n	e	eds an	d	growth of	our b	u	sine	sses.		
																						
As of the end o	f fi	scal ye	ar 2024, we	p	erformed	a se	nsi	tivi	ty an	alysis on o	ur inv	estm	e	nt port	fol	io. Accor	ding t	o	our	anal	ysis, par	allel
shifts in the yield	c	urve of	plus or minu	s 0	.5% wo	uld res	ult	in	a cha	nge in fair	value	for th	e	se inve	st	ments of	$93 m	il	lion.			
																						
As of the end of	fis	cal yea	r 2024, we h	ad	$9.7 bil	lion of	se	nio	r Not	es net outs	tandin	g. W	e	carry t	he	Notes at	face	v	alue	less	unamorti	zed
discount on our	Co	nsolida	ted Balance	Sh	eets. As	the N	ote	s	bear i	nterest at a	fixed	rate,	w	e hav	e n	o						
																						
										43												
																						
ps://www.sec.gov/A	rc	hives/ed	gar/data/1045	81	0/000104	58102	400	002	9/nvd	a-20240128	.htm											66/118


Table 22: financial_page_068_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25, 1:58 PM												nvda-20240128						
																			
	Table of Contents																		
																			
	financial statem	e	nt risk	as	soci	ated	with ch	an	ges	in interest	rat	es.	Refer to Note 1	2	of	the Note	s to th	e Consolidated Finan	cial
	Statements in P	a	rt IV, Ite	m	15 o	f this	Annual	Re	port	on Form 10	-K f	or a	dditional informati	on	.				
																			
	Foreign Excha	n	ge Rate	R	isk														
	We consider ou	r	direct ex	p	osur	e to fo	reign ex	ch	ang	e rate fluctu	atio	ns t	o be minimal as o	ur	sa	les are in	United	States dollars and fore	ign
	currency forwar	d	contrac	ts	are	used	to offse	t m	ov	ements of fo	reig	n cu	rrency exchange	r	ate	moveme	nts. Gai	ns or losses from fore	ign
	currency remea	s	urement	a	re in	clude	d in oth	er i	nco	me or expe	nse	s. T	he impact of forei	gn	cu	rrency tra	nsactio	n gain or loss include	d in
	determining net	in	come w	a	s not	signif	icant fo	r fi	scal	years 2024	an	d 20	23.						
																			
	Sales and arran	g	ements	wi	th th	ird-pa	rty man	ufa	ctu	rers provide	for	pric	ing and payment	in	Un	ited State	s dollar	s, and, therefore, are	not
	subject to exch	a	nge rate	fl	uctu	ations	. Increa	se	s in	the value	of t	he U	nited States’ doll	ar	rel	ative to o	ther cu	rrencies would make	our
	products more e	x	pensive	,	which	coul	d negati	vel	y im	pact our ab	ility	to c	ompete. Convers	ely	, d	ecreases	in the v	alue of the United Sta	tes’
	dollar relative to	o	ther cur	re	ncie	s coul	d result	in	our	suppliers ra	isin	g the	ir manufacturing	co	sts	.			
																			
	If the U.S. doll	ar	strengt	he	ned	by 1	0% as	of	Jan	uary 28, 20	24	and	January 29, 202	3,	th	e amount	record	ed in accumulated ot	her
	comprehensive	in	come (l	os	s) re	lated	to our f	ore	ign	exchange c	ont	racts	before tax effect	w	oul	d have be	en $11	6 million and $112 mil	lion
	lower, respectiv	e	ly. Chan	g	e in	value	record	ed	in	accumulate	d o	ther	comprehensive	in	co	me (loss)	would	be expected to offse	t a
	corresponding c	h	ange in	he	dge	d fore	casted f	ore	ign	currency e	xpen	ses	when recognized	.					
																			
	If an adverse 1	0	% foreig	n	exc	hange	rate c	han	ge	was applie	d to	our	balance sheet h	ed	gin	g contrac	ts, it w	ould have resulted in	an
	adverse impact	o	n incom	e	befo	re tax	es of $6	0	milli	on and $36	milli	on a	s of January 28,	20	24	and Janu	ary 29,	2023, respectively. Th	ese
	changes in fair	v	alues w	ou	ld b	e offs	et in oth	er	inc	ome (expen	se)	, net	by correspondin	g	cha	nge in fa	ir value	s of the foreign curre	ncy
	denominated m	o	netary a	s	sets	and li	abilities	, a	ssu	ming the h	edg	e co	ntracts fully cove	r	the	foreign	currenc	y denominated mone	tary
	assets and liabi	liti	es bala	nc	es.														
																			
	Refer to Note 1	1	of the	N	otes	to the	Conso	lid	ate	d Financial	Stat	eme	nts in Part IV, Ite	m	1	5 of this A	nnual	Report on Form 10-K	for
	additional inform	a	tion.																
																			
	Item 8. Finan	ci	al Stat	e	men	ts an	d Supp	le	me	ntary Data									
																			
	The information	r	equired	b	y thi	s Item	is set	for	th i	n our Cons	olida	ted	Financial Statem	en	ts	and Note	s theret	o included in this Ann	ual
	Report on Form	1	0-K.																
																			
	Item 9. Chang	e	s in an	d	Dis	agre	ements	w	ith	Accounta	nts	on	Accounting an	d	Fi	nancial	Disclo	sure	
																			
	None.																		
																			
	Item 9A. Cont	r	ols and		Proc	edur	es												
																			
	Controls and P	r	ocedure	s															
																			
	Disclosure Co	nt	rols and		Proc	edure	s												
																			
	Based on their	e	valuation		as of	Janu	ary 28,	20	24,	our manag	eme	nt, i	ncluding our Chie	f	Ex	ecutive Of	ficer an	d Chief Financial Offi	cer,
	has concluded	th	at our d	is	clos	ure co	ntrols a	nd	pr	ocedures (a	s d	efine	d in Rule 13a-15	(e	) u	nder the	Exchan	ge Act) were effectiv	e to
	provide reasona	b	le assur	an	ce.														
																			
	Management’s	A	nnual R	e	port	on In	ternal C	o	ntro	l Over Fina	nci	al R	eporting						
																			
	Our manageme	n	t is resp	o	nsibl	e for	establis	hin	g a	nd maintai	ning	ade	quate internal co	n	trol	over fina	ncial re	porting, as such term	is
	defined in Exch	a	nge Act		Rule	13a-1	5(f). U	nd	er t	he supervis	ion	and	with the particip	ati	on	of our m	anagem	ent, including our C	hief
	Executive Offic	er	and C	hie	f Fi	nancia	l Office	r,	we	conducted	an	eval	uation of the effe	cti	ve	ness of o	ur inter	nal control over finan	cial
	reporting as of	J	anuary	2	8, 2	024 b	ased on	t	he	criteria set	fort	h in	Internal Control	-	Int	egrated F	ramewo	rk (2013) issued by	the
	Committee of S	p	onsoring		Orga	nizati	ons of t	he	Tre	adway Com	mis	sion	. Based on our e	va	lua	tion unde	r the cr	iteria set forth in Inte	rnal
	Control — Inte	gr	ated Fr	am	ewo	rk, o	ur man	age	me	nt conclude	d t	hat	our internal contr	ol	ov	er financi	al repo	rting was effective a	s of
	January 28, 202	4	.																
																			
	The effectivene	ss	of our	in	terna	l cont	rol over	fi	nan	cial reportin	g as	of	January 28, 2024	h	as	been aud	ited by	PricewaterhouseCoop	ers
	LLP, an indepen	d	ent regi	ste	red	public	accoun	tin	g fir	m, as state	d in	its r	eport which is incl	ud	ed	herein.			
																			
	Changes in Int	er	nal Con	tr	ol O	ver Fi	nancia	l R	epo	rting									
																			
	There have be	en	no ch	an	ges	in ou	r intern	al	con	trol over fin	anc	ial r	eporting during t	he	qu	arter end	ed Jan	uary 28, 2024 that h	ave
	materially affect	e	d, or are	r	easo	nably	likely to	m	ate	rially affect,	our	inter	nal control over fi	na	nc	ial reporti	ng. In fi	scal year 2022, we be	gan
	an upgrade of o	ur	enterpr	is	e res	ource	plannin	g,	or	ERP, system	, w	hich	will update much	of	ou	r			
																			
htt	ps://www.sec.gov/	Ar	chives/e	dg	ar/da	ta/104	5810/000	10	458	1024000029/	nvda	-202	40128.htm						68/118


Table 23: financial_page_077_table_001.csv

9/1	7/2	5,	1:58	PM													nv	da-202	40	128													
																																	
	Tab	le	of Co	ntents																													
																																	
										NVIDI	A	Corp	or	atio	n	an	d	Subsi	di	aries													
									Consol	idated	S	tate	me	nts	of	C	o	mpreh	en	sive	In	come											
													(I	n m	illi	on	s)																
																																	
																								Yea	r	En	de	d					
																				Jan 2	8	, 2024		Jan	2	9,	20	23		Jan	30,	202	2
																																	
	Ne	t i	ncom	e															$			29,760	$				4,	368	$			9,7	52
	Ot	he	r co	mprehen	sive	incom	e (los	s), ne	t of tax																								
	Av	ail	able	-for-sale	sec	urities:																											
		N	et ch	ange in u	nre	alized	gain	(loss)														80						(31)				(	16)
		R	eclas	sification	ad	justme	nts fo	r net r	ealized	gain in	cl	uded	in	net	in	co	me					—						1					—
		N	et ch	ange in u	nre	alized	gain	(loss)														80						(30)				(	16)
	Ca	sh	flow	hedges	:																												
		N	et ch	ange in u	nre	alized	gain	(loss)														38						47				(	43)
		R	eclas	sification	ad	justme	nts fo	r net r	ealized	gain (lo	s	s) in	clu	ded	in	ne	t																
		in	com	e																		(48)						(49)					29
		N	et ch	ange in u	nre	alized	loss															(10)						(2)				(	14)
	Ot	he	r co	mprehen	sive	incom	e (los	s), ne	t of tax													70						(32)				(	30)
	Tot	al	com	prehens	ive	income													$			29,830	$				4,	336	$			9,7	22
																																	
								See	accomp	anying	n	otes	to	the	co	ns	oli	dated	fin	ancia	l	statements	.										
																																	
															51																		
																																	
http	s://	w	ww.s	ec.gov/Arc	hiv	es/edgar	/data	/10458	10/00010	458102	40	0002	9/n	vda	-20	24	01	28.htm															77/118


Table 24: financial_page_078_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:58 PM																nv	da-202	40128											
																															
	Table	of Contents																													
																															
									N	VI	DI	A	Corp	or	ati	on	an	d	Subsi	diaries											
											Co	n	soli	da	ted	Ba	la	nc	e She	ets											
											(In		millio	n	s, e	xce	pt	p	ar val	ue)											
																															
																								Jan	28,	2024		Jan	29,	202	3
	Ass	ets																													
	Curr	ent assets:																													
		Cash and	cash equivalen	t	s																		$			7,280	$			3,3	89
		Marketab	le securities																							18,704				9,9	07
		Accounts	receivable, net																							9,999				3,8	27
		Inventorie	s																							5,282				5,1	59
		Prepaid e	xpenses and ot	h	er	curr	ent	asse	ts																	3,080				7	91
	Total	current as	sets																							44,345				23,0	73
	Prop	erty and eq	uipment, net																							3,914				3,8	07
	Ope	rating lease	assets																							1,346				1,0	38
	Goo	dwill																								4,430				4,3	72
	Intan	gible asset	s, net																							1,112				1,6	76
	Defe	rred incom	e tax assets																							6,081				3,3	96
	Othe	r assets																								4,500				3,8	20
	Total	assets																					$			65,728	$			41,1	82
																															
	Liab	ilities and	Shareholders'	E	qu	ity																									
	Curr	ent liabilitie	s:																												
		Accounts	payable																				$			2,699	$			1,1	93
		Accrued	and other curren	t	lia	biliti	es																			6,682				4,1	20
		Short-ter	m debt																							1,250				1,2	50
	Total	current lia	bilities																							10,631				6,5	63
	Long	-term debt																								8,459				9,7	03
	Long	-term oper	ating lease liabil	it	ies																					1,119				9	02
	Othe	r long-term	liabilities																							2,541				1,9	13
	Total	liabilities																								22,750				19,0	81
																															
	Com	mitments a	nd contingencie	s	-	see	Not	e 13																							
																															
	Shar	eholders’ e	quity:																												
		Preferred	stock, $0.001 p	a	r v	alue	; 2	shar	es	a	uth	o	rized	; n	one	is	su	ed								—					—
		Common	stock, $0.001 p	a	r v	alue	; 8,	000 s	ha	r	es	a	uthor	ize	d;	2,4	64	sh	ares i	ssued an	d										
		outstandi	ng as of Januar	y	28	, 20	24;	2,46	6 s	h	are	s	issu	ed	an	d o	uts	ta	nding	as of Jan	uary	29,									
		2023																								2					2
		Additiona	l paid-in capital																							13,132				11,9	71
		Accumul	ated other comp	r	eh	ensi	ve i	ncom	e	(l	oss	)														27				(	43)
		Retained	earnings																							29,817				10,1	71
	Total	sharehold	ers' equity																							42,978				22,1	01
	Total	liabilities a	nd shareholder	s'	eq	uity																	$			65,728	$			41,1	82
																															
						See	acc	omp	an	yi	ng	n	otes	to	the	co	ns	oli	dated	financial	state	men	ts.								
																															
																52															
																															
http	s://w	ww.sec.gov/	Archives/edgar/da	ta	/1	0458	10/0	0010	45	81	02	40	0002	9/n	vda	-20	24	01	28.htm												78/118


Table 25: financial_page_079_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:58 PM															n	vda-2	0240128									
																												
T	able	of Conten	ts																									
																												
											NVID	IA	Corp	or	ati	on an	d	Sub	sidiarie	s								
									C	onso	lidat	ed	State	m	ent	s of	S	hare	holders'	Equity								
																												
																					Accumu	lat	ed					
												C	ommo	n	Sto	ck		Add	itional		Oth	er				To	tal	
													Outst	an	din	g		Pa	id-in	Treasury	Compreh	en	sive	Retained	Sha	reh	old	ers'
												Sh	ares		Am	ount		Ca	pital	Stock	Income	(Lo	ss)	Earnings		Eq	uity	
	(In m	illions, ex	cept	per	sha	re	data	)																				
	Balan	ces, Jan 3	1, 20	21									2,479	$		3	$		8,719 $	(10,756)	$		19	$18,908	$		16,8	93
	Net in	come											—			—			—	—			—	9,752			9,7	52
	Other	comprehe	nsiv	e los	s								—			—			—	—			(30)	—			(	30)
	Issua	nce of com	mon	stoc	k fr	om	stoc	k plans					35			—			281	—			—	—			2	81
	Tax w	ithholding	relat	ed to	ve	stin	g of	restricted	stoc	k units			(8)			—			(614)	(1,290)			—	—			(1,9	04)
	Cash	dividends	decla	red	and	pa	id ($	0.16 per	com	mon sh	are)		—			—			—	—			—	(399)			(3	99)
	Fair v	alue of par	tially	ves	ted	eq	uity a	wards as	sume	d in																		
	conn	ection with	acqu	isitio	ns								—			—			18	—			—	—				18
	Stock	-based co	mpen	sati	on								—			—			2,001	—			—	—			2,0	01
	Retir	ement of Tr	easu	ry S	tock								—			—			(20)	12,046			—	(12,026)				—
	Balan	ces, Jan 3	0, 20	22									2,506			3			10,385	—			(11)	16,235			26,6	12
	Net in	come											—			—			—	—			—	4,368			4,3	68
	Other	comprehe	nsiv	e los	s								—			—			—	—			(32)	—			(	32)
	Issua	nce of com	mon	stoc	k fr	om	stoc	k plans					31			—			355	—			—	—			3	55
	Tax w	ithholding	relat	ed to	ve	stin	g of	restricted	stoc	k units			(8)			—			(1,475)	—			—	—			(1,4	75)
	Shar	es repurcha	sed										(63)			(1)			(4)	—			—	(10,034)		(	10,0	39)
	Cash	dividends	decla	red	and	pa	id ($	0.16 per	com	mon sh	are)		—			—			—	—			—	(398)			(3	98)
	Stock	-based co	mpen	sati	on								—			—			2,710	—			—	—			2,7	10
	Balan	ces, Jan 2	9, 20	23									2,466			2			11,971	—			(43)	10,171			22,1	01
	Net in	come											—			—			—	—			—	29,760			29,7	60
	Other	comprehe	nsiv	e inc	om	e							—			—			—	—			70					70
	Issua	nce of com	mon	stoc	k fr	om	stoc	k plans					26			—			403	—			—	—			4	03
	Tax w	ithholding	relat	ed to	ve	stin	g of	restricted	stoc	k units			(7)			—			(2,783)	—			—	—			(2,7	83)
	Shar	es repurcha	sed										(21)			—			(27)	—			—	(9,719)			(9,7	46)
	Cash	dividends	decla	red	and	pa	id ($	0.16 per	com	mon sh	are)		—			—			—	—			—	(395)			(3	95)
	Stock	-based co	mpen	sati	on								—			—			3,568	—			—	—			3,5	68
	Balan	ces, Jan 2	8, 20	24									2,464	$		2	$		13,132 $	—	$		27	$29,817	$		42,9	78
																												
									See	accom	panyi	ng	notes	to	the	cons	oli	dated	financial	statements	.							
																												
																53												
																												
http	s://w	ww.sec.go	v/Ar	chiv	es/e	dg	ar/d	ata/1045	810/	00010	45810	24	00002	9/n	vda	-2024	0	128.h	tm									79/118


Table 26: financial_page_080_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25, 1	:58	P	M														nv	da	-202	40	128													
																																			
	Table o	f Co	n	tent	s																														
																																			
											NVIDI	A	Corp	or	atio	n	an	d	Su	bsi	di	arie	s												
										C	onsoli	d	ated	St	ate	me	nt	s	of	Cas	h	Flo	ws												
														(I	n m	illio	n	s)																	
																																			
																											Yea	r	E	nded					
																						Jan	28	,	2024		Jan	2	9,	2023		Jan	30,	202	2
	Cash	flow	s	fro	m ope	rating	a	cti	vities:																										
	Net in	com	e																		$			2	9,760	$				4,368	$			9,7	52
	Adjus	tme	n	ts	to rec	oncile		ne	t incom	e to ne	t cash		prov	ide	d	by	o	pe	ra	ting															
	activit	ies:																																	
		Sto	c	k-b	ased c	ompe	ns	at	ion expe	nse															3,549					2,709				2,0	04
		De	pr	eci	ation a	nd am	o	rti	zation																1,508					1,544				1,1	74
		De	fe	rre	d inco	me tax	es																	(	2,489)					(2,164)				(4	06)
		(G	ai	ns)	losses	on in	ve	st	ments in	non-affili	ated e	nt	ities,	ne	t										(238)					45				(1	00)
		Ac	qu	isit	ion ter	minat	ion	c	ost																—					1,353					—
		Oth	e	r																					(278)					(7)					47
	Chan	ges	i	n op	eratin	g ass	ets	a	nd liabilit	ies, net o	f acqu	is	ition	s:																					
		Ac	co	un	ts rece	ivable																		(	6,172)					822				(2,2	15)
		Inv	e	ntor	ies																				(98)					(2,554)				(7	74)
		Pre	p	aid	expen	ses a	nd	o	ther asse	ts														(	1,522)					(1,517)				(1,7	15)
		Ac	co	un	ts paya	ble																			1,531					(551)				5	68
		Ac	cr	ued	and o	ther c	ur	re	nt liabiliti	es															2,025					1,341				5	81
		Oth	e	r lo	ng-ter	m liab	iliti	e	s																514					252				1	92
	Net c	ash	p	rov	ided b	y oper	ati	n	g activitie	s														2	8,090					5,641				9,1	08
	Cash	flow	s	fro	m inve	sting	ac	ti	vities:																										
		Pro	c	eed	s from	matu	rit	ie	s of mark	etable s	ecuritie	s													9,732					19,425				15,1	97
		Pro	c	eed	s from	sale	s o	f	marketab	le securi	ties														50					1,806				1,0	23
		Pu	rc	has	es of	marke	ta	bl	e securiti	es														(1	8,211)				(	11,897)			(	24,7	87)
		Pu	rc	has	es rel	ated t	o p	ro	perty an	d equipm	ent an	d	intan	gi	ble	ass	et	s						(	1,069)					(1,833)				(9	76)
		Ac	qu	isit	ions, n	et of	ca	sh	acquired																(83)					(49)				(2	63)
		Inv	e	stm	ents in	non-	aff	ili	ated entit	ies and o	ther, n	e	t												(985)					(77)				(	24)
	Net c	ash	p	rov	ided b	y (use	d i	n)	investin	g activitie	s													(1	0,566)					7,375				(9,8	30)
	Cash	flow	s	fro	m fina	ncing	ac	ti	vities:																										
		Pro	c	eed	s relat	ed to	e	mp	loyee sto	ck plans															403					355				2	81
																																			
		Pa	y	men	ts rela	ted to	re	p	urchases	of comm	on sto	c	k																						
																								(	9,533)				(	10,039)					—
		Pa	y	men	ts rela	ted to	ta	x	on restric	ted stoc	k units													(	2,783)					(1,475)				(1,9	04)
		Re	p	aym	ent of	debt																		(	1,250)					—				(1,0	00)
		Div	id	en	ds paid																				(395)					(398)				(3	99)
		Pri	nc	ipa	l paym	ents	on	p	roperty a	nd equip	ment a	n	d int	an	gible	as	s	ets							(74)					(58)				(	83)
		Iss	u	anc	e of de	bt, ne	t o	f	issuance	costs															—					—				4,9	77
		Oth	e	r																					(1)					(2)					(7)
	Net c	ash	p	rov	ided b	y (use	d i	n)	financin	g activitie	s													(1	3,633)				(	11,617)				1,8	65
	Chan	ge i	n	cas	h and	cash	eq	ui	valents																3,891					1,399				1,1	43
	Cash	and		cas	h equi	valent	s a	t	beginning	of perio	d														3,389					1,990				8	47
	Cash	and		cas	h equi	valent	s a	t	end of pe	riod											$				7,280	$				3,389	$			1,9	90
	Supp	lem	e	nta	l discl	osure	s	o	f cash flo	w infor	mation	:																							
	Cash	pai	d	for	incom	e taxe	s,	n	et												$				6,549	$				1,404	$			3	96
	Cash	pai	d	for	interes	t															$				252	$				254	$			2	46
																																			
									See	accomp	anying	n	otes	to	the	con	s	oli	da	ted	fin	anci	al	st	atement	s.									
																																			
																54																			
																																			
http	s://ww	w.s	ec	.go	v/Archiv	es/ed	gar	/d	ata/10458	10/00010	458102	40	0002	9/n	vda	-20	24	01	28	.htm															80/118


Table 27: financial_page_081_table_001.csv

7/25, 1:58 PM											nvda-20240128									
																				
Table of Contents																				
								NVIDIA Corpo	ration	an	d Subsidiaries									
						N	ote	s to the Cons	olidate	d F	inancial Statem		en	ts						
																				
Note 1 - Organ	izat	io	n an	d	Summ	ary o	f S	ignificant Ac	count	in	g Policies									
																				
Our Company																				
Headquartered in	Sa	nt	a Clar	a,	Califor	nia, N	VID	IA was incorp	orated	in	California in Apr	il	1	993 and reinc	orp	or	ated	in Del	aware in A	pril
1998.																				
																				
All references to “	NVI	DI	A,” “w	e	,” “us,”	“our” o	r th	e “Company”	mean N	VID	IA Corporation	a	n	d its subsidiari	es.					
																				
Fiscal Year																				
We operate on a	52-	or	53-w	ee	k year,	ending	on	the last Sund	ay in Ja	nu	ary. Fiscal years		2	024, 2023 and	202	2	were	all 52-	week yea	rs.
																				
Principles of Co	nso	lid	ation																	
																				
Our consolidated	fina	nc	ial st	at	ements	includ	e t	he accounts of	NVIDIA	C	orporation and	o	ur	wholly-owned	su	bs	idiari	es. All	intercomp	any
balances and tran	sac	tio	ns ha	v	e been	elimina	ted	in consolidati	on.											
																				
Use of Estimate	s																			
The preparation	of fi	na	ncial	st	atemen	ts in c	onf	ormity with U.	S. GAA	P r	equires manag	e	m	ent to make e	stim	at	es an	d ass	umptions	that
affect the reporte	d a	m	ounts	o	f asset	s and	lia	bilities and dis	closure	s	of contingent as	s	e	ts and liabilitie	s a	t	the d	ate of	the finan	cial
statements and th	e re	p	orted	a	mounts	of reve	nu	e and expense	s durin	g th	e reporting peri	o	d.	Actual results	cou	ld	diffe	r mate	rially from	our
estimates. On an	on	-g	oing	ba	sis, we	evalu	ate	our estimate	s, inclu	din	g those related		to	revenue reco	gni	tio	n, ca	sh eq	uivalents	and
marketable secu	ritie	s,	acco	un	ts rece	ivable,	in	ventories and	produ	ct	purchase comm	i	tm	ents, income	ta	xe	s, go	odwill,	stock-ba	sed
compensation, liti	gati	on	, inve	st	igation	and se	ttl	ement costs, re	structu	rin	g and other cha	r	ge	s, property, pl	ant,	a	nd e	quipme	nt, and ot	her
contingencies. Th	ese	e	stimat	es	are ba	sed on	hi	storical facts a	nd vario	us	other assumpti	o	ns	that we believ	e a	re	reas	onable	.	
																				
In February 2023	, we	a	ssess	ed	the us	eful liv	es	of our property	, plant,	an	d equipment. Ba	s	e	d on advances	in	te	chnol	ogy an	d usage r	ate,
we increased the	est	im	ated	us	eful life	of mo	st	of our server,	storage	, a	nd network equ	ip	m	ent from three	to	fo	ur or	five y	ears, and	our
assembly and te	st e	qu	ipmen	t	from fi	ve to s	ev	en years. The	effect	of t	his change for	th	e	fiscal year e	nde	d	Janu	ary 28	, 2024 wa	s a
benefit of $33 m	illio	n	and $	1	02 milli	on for	co	st of revenue	and op	er	ating expenses,	r	e	spectively, wh	ich	re	sulte	d in a	n increas	e in
operating income	of $	1	35 mil	lio	n and n	et inco	m	e of $114 millio	n after	tax	, or $0.05 per bo	t	h	basic and dilut	ed	sh	are.			
																				
Revenue Recog	nitio	n																		
We derive our rev	enu	e	from	pr	oduct s	ales, in	clu	ding hardware	and sy	ste	ms, license and	d	e	velopment arr	ang	em	ents	, softw	are licens	ing,
and cloud service	s. W	e	deter	m	ine rev	enue r	eco	gnition throug	h the fo	llo	wing steps: (1) i	d	e	ntification of th	e c	on	tract	with a	customer;	(2)
identification of th	e p	er	forma	nc	e oblig	ations	in	the contract; (	3) dete	rmi	nation of the tra	n	s	action price; (	4) a	llo	catio	n of th	e transac	tion
price to the perf	orm	an	ce o	bli	gations	in th	e c	ontract (where	reven	ue	is allocated o	n	a	relative stan	dal	on	e sel	ling p	rice basis	by
maximizing the u	se o	f o	bserv	a	ble inpu	ts to d	et	ermine the stan	dalone	se	lling price for e	ac	h	performance	obli	ga	tion);	and (	5) recogni	tion
of revenue when,	or a	s,	we s	ati	sfy a p	erform	anc	e obligation.												
																				
Product Sales R	eve	nu	e																	
																				
Revenue from pr	oduc	t	sales	is	recogn	ized u	pon	transfer of co	ntrol of	pro	ducts to custom	e	r	s in an amoun	t th	at	reflec	ts the	considera	tion
we expect to re	ceiv	e	in ex	ch	ange f	or tho	se	products. Cer	tain pr	od	ucts are sold	wi	th	support or a	n	ex	tende	d war	ranty for	the
incorporated syst	em,	h	ardw	ar	e, and/	or soft	wa	re. Support an	d exte	nd	ed warranty rev	e	n	ue are recogn	ize	d	ratab	ly ove	r the ser	vice
period, or as serv	ices	a	re pe	rfo	rmed.	Reven	ue	is recognized	net of a	llo	wances for retur	n	s,	customer pro	gra	ms	and	any ta	xes collec	ted
from customers.																				
																				
For products sold	wit	h	a right	o	f return	, we r	eco	rd a reduction	to reve	nu	e by establishin	g	a	sales return a	llow	an	ce fo	r estim	ated prod	uct
returns at the tim	e re	ve	nue i	s	recogni	zed, b	as	ed primarily on	histori	cal	return rates. H	o	w	ever, if product	ret	ur	ns fo	r a fis	cal period	are
anticipated to exc	eed	h	istoric	al	return	rates,	we	may determin	e that a	dd	itional sales ret	ur	n	allowances ar	e re	q	uired	to acc	urately ref	lect
our estimated exp	osu	re	for p	ro	duct ret	urns.														
																				
Our customer pro	gra	m	s invo	lv	e rebat	es, wh	ich	are designed	to serv	e a	s sales incentiv	e	s	to resellers of	ou	r p	rodu	cts in	various ta	rget
markets, and ma	rket	in	g dev	el	opment	funds	, o	r MDFs, which	repre	sen	t monies paid	to		our partners t	hat	ar	e ea	rmark	ed for ma	rket
segment develop	me	nt	and	ar	e desig	ned to	s	upport our par	tners’	acti	vities while als	o	p	romoting NVI	DIA	p	roduc	ts. W	e account	for
customer progra	ms a	s	a red	uc	tion to	revenu	e	and accrue for	such p	rog	rams for potent	ia	l	rebates and M	DF	s	base	d on th	e amount	we
expect to be claim	ed	by	cust	om	ers.															
																				
ps://www.sec.gov/Ar	chiv	es	/edgar	/d	ata/1045	810/00	010	4581024000029	/nvda-2	024	0128.htm									81/118


Table 28: financial_page_083_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:58	PM							nv	da-	202	401	28							
																					
	Table	of C	ontents																		
							NVIDIA Cor	pora	tio	n and	Su	bsi	dia	ries							
						Note	s to the Con	soli	dat	ed Fin	anc	ial	St	ate	me	nts					
								(C	ont	inued)											
																					
	Lice	nse	and De	velopment Ar	rangement	s															
																					
	Our l	icen	se and	development	arrangemen	ts wi	th customers	typic	all	y requi	re s	ign	ific	ant	cus	tomization	of	our	IP comp	onents. As a res	ult,
	we re	cog	nize th	e revenue from	the license	and	the revenue	from	th	e deve	lop	me	nt	serv	ice	s as a singl	e	perf	ormance	obligation over	the
	perio	d in	which t	he developme	nt services	are p	erformed. We	me	asu	re pro	gre	ss t	o c	omp	leti	on based o	n	actu	al cost in	curred to date a	s a
	perce	ntag	e of th	e estimated to	tal cost requ	ired	to complete e	ach	pro	ject. If	a l	oss	on	an	arr	angement b	e	com	es proba	ble during a per	iod,
	we re	cord	a prov	ision for such	loss in that	perio	d.														
																					
	Soft	ware	Licen	sing																	
																					
	Our s	oftw	are lice	nses provide	our custom	ers w	ith a right to	use t	he	softwa	re	whe	n i	t is	ma	de availabl	e t	o the	custom	er. Customers	may
	purch	ase	either	perpetual licen	ses or subs	cript	ions to licens	es, w	hic	h diffe	r m	ainl	y i	n the	d	uration over	w	hich	the cust	omer benefits f	rom
	the s	oftw	are. So	ftware license	s are frequ	ently	sold along wi	th th	e r	ight to	rec	eiv	e,	on a	w	hen-and-if	av	ailab	le basis,	future unspeci	fied
	softw	are	update	s and upgrad	es. Revenu	e fro	m software lic	ens	es	is rec	ogni	ze	d u	p fr	ont	when the	so	ftwa	re is ma	de available to	the
	custo	mer.	Softw	are support rev	enue is rec	ogni	zed ratably ov	er th	e s	ervice	per	iod	, o	r as	ser	vices are p	erf	orm	ed.		
																					
	Clou	d Se	rvices																		
																					
	Clou	d ser	vices,	which allow cu	stomers to	use	hosted softwa	re a	nd	hardw	are	infr	as	truct	ure	without ta	kin	g po	ssession	of the softwar	e or
	hard	ware	, are p	rovided on a	subscription	bas	is or a comb	inati	on	of sub	scri	pti	on	plus	us	age. Reve	nu	e re	lated to	subscription-ba	sed
	cloud	ser	vices is	recognized ra	tably over t	he c	ontract period.	Re	ven	ue rel	ated	to	clo	ud	ser	vices based	o	n us	age is re	cognized as us	age
	occur	s. C	loud s	ervices are typ	ically sold	on a	standalone b	asis	, b	ut cert	ain	offe	rin	gs	ma	y be sold w	ith	har	dware a	nd/or software	and
	relate	d su	pport.																		
																					
	Cont	ract	s with	Multiple Perfo	rmance Ob	liga	tions														
																					
	Our	contr	acts m	ay contain mo	re than on	e of	the products	and	ser	vices	liste	d a	bo	ve,	ea	ch of which	is	se	parately	accounted for a	s a
	distin	ct p	erforma	nce obligation	. We accou	nt fo	r multiple agr	eem	ent	s with	a si	ngl	e c	usto	me	r as a sing	le	cont	ract if th	e contractual te	rms
	and/o	r su	bstanc	e of those agre	ements ind	icate	that they may	be	so	closely	rel	ate	d t	hat t	he	y are, in eff	ect	, pa	rts of a si	ngle contract.	
																					
	We a	lloca	te the	total transacti	on price to	each	distinct perfo	rma	nce	oblig	atio	n in	a	mul	tipl	e performa	nc	e ob	ligations	arrangement o	n a
	relati	ve st	andalo	ne selling pric	e basis. The	sta	ndalone sellin	g pri	ce	reflect	s th	e p	ric	e we	w	ould charge	fo	r a	specific p	roduct or servic	e if
	it wer	e so	ld sep	arately in simil	ar circumst	ance	s and to simil	ar cu	sto	mers.	Wh	en	de	term	ini	ng standalo	n	e sel	ling price	, we maximize	the
	use o	f ob	servabl	e inputs.																	
																					
	If a c	ontra	ct cont	ains a single p	erformance	obli	gation, no allo	cati	on i	s requ	ired	.									
																					
	Prod	uct	Warran	ties																	
	We o	ffer	a limite	d warranty to	end-users	rangi	ng from one	to th	ree	years	for	pr	od	ucts	to	repair or re	pl	ace	products	for manufactu	ring
	defec	ts o	r hardw	are compone	nt failures.	Cost	of revenue in	clud	es	the e	stim	ate	d c	ost	of	product wa	rr	antie	s that ar	e calculated at	the
	point	of re	venue	recognition. U	nder limited	circ	umstances, w	e m	ay	offer a	n ex	ten	de	d li	mite	d warranty	to	cus	tomers f	or certain produ	cts.
	We a	lso a	ccrue f	or known warr	anty and in	demn	ification issue	s if	a lo	ss is p	rob	abl	e a	nd c	an	be reason	abl	y es	timated.		
																					
	Stoc	k-ba	sed Co	mpensation																	
	We u	se t	he closi	ng trading pri	ce of our co	mmo	n stock on th	e da	te	of gran	t, m	inu	s	a div	ide	nd yield dis	c	ount,	as the f	air value of awa	rds
	of res	trict	ed stoc	k units, or RS	Us, and per	form	ance stock un	its t	hat	are ba	sed	o	n o	ur c	orp	orate financ	ia	l per	formanc	e targets, or PS	Us.
	We u	se a	Monte	Carlo simula	tion on the	date	of grant to e	stim	ate	the fa	ir v	alu	e o	f pe	rfor	mance sto	ck	unit	s that ar	e based on ma	rket
	condi	tions	, or m	arket-based P	SUs. The c	omp	ensation expe	nse	fo	r RSU	s an	d	ma	rket-	ba	sed PSUs i	s	reco	gnized u	sing a straight-	line
	attrib	ution	metho	d over the req	uisite emplo	yee	service perio	d wh	ile	compe	nsa	tio	n e	xpe	nse	for PSUs i	s r	eco	gnized us	ing an accelera	ted
	amor	tizati	on mo	del. We estim	ate the fair	valu	e of shares t	o be	iss	ued u	nde	r o	ur	emp	loy	ee stock p	ur	chas	e plan, o	r ESPP, using	the
	Black	-Sch	oles m	odel at the co	mmenceme	nt of	an offering p	eriod	in	March	an	d S	ep	tem	ber	of each ye	ar	. Sto	ck-base	d compensation	for
	our E	SP	P is ex	pensed using	an acceler	ated	amortization	mo	del	. Addit	ion	ally,	fo	r R	SU	, PSU, and		mark	et-based	PSU awards,	we
	estim	ate	forfeitu	res semi-annu	ally and re	vise	the estimate	s of	for	feiture	in	sub	se	que	nt	periods if a	ct	ual f	orfeiture	s differ from th	ose
	estim	ates	. Forfei	tures are estim	ated based	on	historical expe	rien	ce.												
																					
	Litig	ation	, Inves	tigation and	Settlement	Cos	ts														
																					
	We c	urre	ntly, are	, and will likel	y continue t	o be	subject to cla	ims,	liti	gation,	an	d o	the	r ac	tion	s, including	p	oten	tial regu	latory proceedin	gs,
	invol	ving	patent	and other inte	llectual pro	perty	matters, tax	es, l	abo	r and	em	plo	ym	ent,	co	mpetition a	nd	ant	itrust, co	mmercial dispu	tes,
	good	s an	d servi	ces offered by	us and by t	hird	parties, and o	ther	m	atters.	The	re	are	ma	ny	uncertainti	es	ass	ociated w	ith any litigatio	n or
	inves	tigat	ion, an	d we cannot b	e certain tha	t the	se actions														
																					
htt	ps://w	ww.s	ec.gov/A	rchives/edgar/d	ata/1045810/	0001	045810240000	29/nv	da-	202401	28.	htm									83/118


Table 29: financial_page_085_table_001.csv

Table of Contents																
				NVIDIA	Corporation a	nd Subsid	iarie	s								
				Notes to the	Consolidated	Financial	State	m	ent	s						
					(Continue	d)										
																
or other third-party cla	ims against u	s w	ill	be resolved	without litigation	, fines an	d/or	su	bst	ant	ia	l settlem	ent p	aym	ents or judgment	s. If
information becomes	available that	cau	se	s us to deter	mine that a loss	in any of	our	pe	ndi	ng	li	tigation,	inves	tigati	ons or settlement	s is
probable, and we can	reasonably es	tima	te	the loss ass	ociated with suc	h events,	we w	ill	rec	or	d	the loss	in ac	corda	nce with U.S. GA	AP.
However, the actual lia	bility in any s	uch	liti	gation or inve	stigation may b	e material	ly dif	fer	ent	fr	o	m our es	timat	es, w	hich could require	us
to record additional co	sts.															
																
Foreign Currency Re	measuremen	t														
We use the U.S. dolla	r as our functi	onal	c	urrency for ou	r subsidiaries.	Foreign cu	rrenc	y	mo	ne	ta	ry asset	s and	liabil	ities are remeasu	red
into United States dol	lars at end-of	-peri	od	exchange ra	tes. Non-mone	tary asset	s an	d l	iab	iliti	e	s such a	s pro	perty	and equipment	and
equity are remeasured	at historical	exc	ha	nge rates. Re	venue and exp	enses are	rem	ea	sur	ed		at excha	nge r	ates	in effect during e	ach
period, except for thos	e expenses r	elate	d	to non-monet	ary balance she	et amoun	ts, wh	ic	h a	re	r	emeasur	ed at	histo	rical exchange ra	tes.
Gains or losses from f	oreign curren	cy r	em	easurement	are included in	earnings i	n our	C	on	sol	id	ated Sta	teme	nts of	Income and to d	ate
have not been significa	nt.															
																
Income Taxes																
We recognize federal,	state and for	eign	c	urrent tax lia	bilities or asset	s based o	n ou	r e	sti	ma	te	of taxe	s pay	able	or refundable in	the
current fiscal year by	tax jurisdictio	n. W	e	recognize fed	eral, state and	foreign de	ferre	d	tax	a	ss	ets or lia	bilitie	s, as	appropriate, for	our
estimate of future tax e	ffects attribut	able	to	temporary di	fferences and c	arryforwar	ds; a	nd	we	re	c	ord a val	uatio	n allo	wance to reduce	any
deferred tax assets by	the amount o	f any	ta	x benefits tha	t, based on ava	ilable evid	ence	a	nd	jud	g	ment, ar	e not	expe	cted to be realize	d.
																
Our calculation of defe	rred tax asset	s an	d	liabilities is ba	sed on certain	estimates	and j	ud	gm	en	ts	and inv	olves	deali	ng with uncertain	ties
in the application of co	mplex tax law	s. O	ur	estimates of	deferred tax as	sets and li	abiliti	es	ma	y	ch	ange ba	sed, i	n par	t, on added certa	inty
or finality to an anticip	ated outcome,	cha	ng	es in accoun	ting standards	or tax laws	in th	e	U.S	.,	or	foreign	jurisd	iction	s where we oper	ate,
or changes in other fa	cts or circums	tan	ce	s. In addition,	we recognize l	iabilities fo	r pot	en	tial	U	.S	. and fo	reign	inco	me tax contingen	cies
based on our estimate	of whether, a	nd t	he	extent to whi	ch, additional ta	xes may b	e du	e. I	f w	e	de	termine	that p	aym	ent of these amou	nts
is unnecessary or if th	e recorded tax	liab	ilit	y is less than	our current ass	essment,	we m	ay	be	re	q	uired to r	ecog	nize a	n income tax ben	efit
or additional income ta	x expense in	our f	in	ancial stateme	nts accordingly	.										
																
As of January 28, 202	4, we had a	valu	ati	on allowance	of $1.6 billion r	elated to	capita	l l	os	s c	ar	ryforwar	ds, a	nd ce	rtain state and ot	her
deferred tax assets th	at manageme	nt d	ete	rmined are n	ot likely to be r	ealized du	e, in	pa	rt,	to	ju	risdiction	al pr	ojecti	ons of future taxa	ble
income, including capi	tal gains. To t	he e	xt	ent realizatio	n of the deferre	d tax asse	ts be	co	me	s	m	ore-likel	y-than	-not,	we would recog	nize
such deferred tax asse	ts as income	tax b	e	nefits during t	he period.											
																
We recognize the ben	efit from a tax	posi	tio	n only if it is	more-likely-than	-not that th	e po	siti	on	wo	u	ld be su	staine	d up	on audit based so	lely
on the technical merit	s of the tax	posit	io	n. Our policy	is to include in	terest and	pen	alt	ies	re	l	ated to u	nrec	ogniz	ed tax benefits a	s a
component of income	tax expense.															
																
Net Income Per Shar	e															
Basic net income per	share is comp	uted	u	sing the weig	hted average n	umber of	comm	on	s	har	e	s outsta	nding	durin	g the period. Dilu	ted
net income per share i	s computed u	sing	th	e weighted a	verage number	of commo	n and	p	ote	nti	al	ly dilutiv	e sha	res o	utstanding during	the
period, using the treas	ury stock met	hod.	A	ny anti-dilutive	effect of equity	awards o	utsta	nd	ing	is	n	ot includ	ed in	the c	omputation of dilu	ted
net income per share.																
																
Cash and Cash Equiv	alents and M	ark	eta	ble Securitie	s											
We consider all highly	liquid investm	ent	s t	hat are readil	y convertible in	to cash an	d ha	ve	an	or	ig	inal mat	urity	of thr	ee months or les	s at
the time of purchase t	o be cash eq	uiva	le	nts. Marketab	le securities co	nsist of hi	ghly l	iqu	id	de	b	t investm	ents	with	maturities of gre	ater
than three months wh	en purchased.	We	c	urrently classi	fy our investme	nts as cur	rent	ba	se	d o	n	the natu	re of	the i	nvestments and t	heir
availability for use in c	urrent operatio	ns.														
																
We classify our cash	equivalents a	nd	ma	rketable secu	rities related to	debt sec	uritie	s a	t t	he	d	ate of a	cquisi	tion	as available-for-s	ale.
These available-for-sa	le debt securi	ties	ar	e reported at	fair value with t	he related	unre	ali	ze	d g	a	ins and l	osse	s incl	uded in accumula	ted
other comprehensive i	ncome or los	s, a	co	mponent of s	hareholders’ eq	uity, net o	f tax.	T	he	fai	r	value of	intere	st-be	aring debt securi	ties
includes accrued inter	est. Realized	gain	s a	nd losses on	the sale of mar	ketable se	curiti	es	ar	e d	e	termined	usin	g the	specific-identifica	tion
method and recorded i	n the other in	com	e (	expense), net	, section of our	Consolida	ted S	tat	em	en	ts	of Inco	me.			
																
Available-for-sale debt	investments	are	su	bject to a pe	riodic impairm	ent review	. If th	e	es	tim	a	ted fair	value	of a	vailable-for-sale d	ebt
securities is less than i	ts amortized c	ost	ba	sis, we deter	mine if the differ	ence, if an	y, is	ca	us	ed	b	y expect	ed cre	dit lo	sses and write-d	own
the amortized cost bas	is of the secu	rities	if	it is more like	ly than not we w	ill be requ	ired	or								
																
ps://www.sec.gov/Archive	s/edgar/data/10	4581	0/	000104581024	000029/nvda-202	40128.htm										85/118


Table 30: financial_page_087_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25, 1:58 PM								nv	d	a-2	0240	128							
																				
	Table of Contents																			
							N	VIDIA Corpor	ation and	S	u	bsidi	aries							
						Note	s t	o the Consoli	dated Fin	a	nc	ial S	tatements							
								(C	ontinued)											
																				
	we intend to sell	the securitie	s	b	efor	e recovery	of	its amortized	cost basis.	A	ll	owan	ces for cred	it l	oss	es a	nd write-do	wns	are recogni	zed
	in the other inco	me (expense	)	, n	et se	ction of ou	r C	onsolidated S	tatements	o	f I	nco	me.							
																				
	Fair Value of Fi	nancial Inst	ru	m	ents															
	The carrying val	ue of cash e	q	uiv	alen	ts, accoun	ts	receivable, ac	counts pa	y	ab	le an	d accrued li	abi	litie	s ap	proximate	their	fair values	due
	to their relatively	short matu	rit	ie	s as	of January	2	8, 2024 and J	anuary 29	,	2	023.	Marketable	se	curit	ies	are compri	sed	of available-	for-
	sale securities th	at are repor	t	ed	at f	air value w	ith	the related un	realized g	a	in	s or	losses includ	ed	in	accu	mulated o	ther	comprehen	sive
	income or loss,	a componen	t	of	shar	eholders’ e	q	uity, net of tax.	Fair value		of	the	marketable s	ec	uriti	es i	s determin	ed b	ased on quo	ted
	market prices. D	erivative ins	tr	um	ent	s are reco	gn	ized as either	assets or	li	ab	ilitie	s and are me	as	ure	d at	fair value	. The	accounting	for
	changes in the f	air value of	a	d	eriv	ative depe	nd	s on the inten	ded use o	f	th	e de	rivative and	th	e re	sulti	ng design	ation	. For deriva	tive
	instruments desi	gnated as fa	ir	v	alue	hedges, th	e	gains or losse	s are reco	g	ni	zed i	n earnings in	t	he p	erio	ds of chan	ge to	gether with	the
	offsetting losses	or gains on	t	he	hed	ged items	at	tributed to the	risk being		he	dged	. For derivat	iv	e in	strum	ents desi	gnate	d as cash-f	low
	hedges, the effe	ctive portion	o	f t	he g	ains or loss	es	on the deriva	tives is init	ia	lly	rep	orted as a co	m	pon	ent o	f other co	mpre	hensive inco	me
	or loss and is su	bsequently r	e	co	gniz	ed in earni	ng	s when the he	dged expo	s	ur	e is	recognized in	e	arni	ngs.	For deriva	tive	instruments	not
	designated for h	edge accoun	ti	ng	, ch	anges in fai	r v	alue are recog	nized in e	a	rni	ngs.								
																				
	Concentration o	f Credit Ris	k																	
	Financial instrum	ents that p	o	te	ntial	ly subject	us	to concentra	tions of c	re	di	t ris	k consist pr	im	arily	of	cash equi	valen	ts, marketa	ble
	securities, and	accounts r	ec	ei	vabl	e. Our inv	es	tment policy	requires	th	e	pur	chase of hi	ghl	y-ra	ted	fixed inc	ome	securities,	the
	diversification of	investment	ty	pe	an	d credit exp	o	sures, and incl	udes certa	i	n l	imits	on our portf	oli	o d	urati	on. We pe	rform	ongoing cr	edit
	evaluations of o	ur customer	s’	fi	nanc	ial conditio	n	and maintain	an allowa	nc	e	for	potential cred	it	loss	es.	This allow	ance	consists of	an
	amount identified	for specific	c	us	tom	ers and an	a	mount based o	n overall e	s	ti	mate	d exposure.	Ou	r ov	eral	l estimate	d exp	osure exclu	des
	amounts covered	by credit in	s	ura	nce	and letters	o	f credit.												
																				
	Inventories																			
	Inventory cost is	computed	o	n	an a	djusted sta	n	dard basis, wh	ich appro	xi	m	ates	actual cost	on	an	ave	rage or fir	st-in,	first-out ba	sis.
	Inventory costs	consist pri	m	ari	ly o	f the cost		of semicondu	ctors, incl	ud	in	g w	afer fabricat	io	n, a	sse	mbly, testi	ng a	nd packag	ing,
	manufacturing su	pport costs,	i	nc	ludin	g labor an	d o	verhead asso	ciated with	s	u	ch p	urchases, fin	al t	est	yield	fallout, an	d shi	pping costs	, as
	well as the cost	of purchase	d	m	emo	ry product	s a	nd other com	ponent par	t	s.	We	charge cost	of	sale	s fo	r inventory	prov	isions to w	rite-
	down our invent	ory to the lo	w	er	of	cost or net	re	alizable value	or for ob	so	le	te o	r excess inv	ent	ory,	and	for exce	ss pr	oduct purch	ase
	commitments. M	ost of our in	v	ent	ory	provisions	re	late to excess	quantities	o	f p	rodu	cts, based o	n	our	inve	ntory level	s and	future prod	uct
	purchase commi	tments com	p	are	d to	assumptio	n	s about future	demand a	n	d	mark	et conditions	.	Onc	e inv	entory ha	s bee	n written-of	f or
	written-down, it	creates a ne	w	c	ost	basis for th	e	inventory that	is not sub	s	eq	uen	tly written-up	.	We	reco	rd a liabilit	y for	noncancela	ble
	purchase commi	tments with	s	up	plier	s for quanti	tie	s in excess of	our future	d	e	mand	forecasts co	ns	iste	nt w	ith our val	uatio	n of obsolet	e or
	excess inventory	.																		
																				
	Property and E	quipment																		
	Property and eq	uipment are	s	ta	ted	at cost less	a	ccumulated d	epreciation	.	D	epre	ciation of pro	p	erty	and	equipmen	t is c	omputed us	ing
	the straight-line	method bas	e	d	on t	he estimat	ed	useful lives	of the ass	et	s	of th	ree to seve	n	year	s. O	nce an a	sset	is identified	for
	retirement or dis	position, the	r	ela	ted	cost and ac	c	umulated depr	eciation or	a	m	ortiz	ation are rem	ov	ed,	and	a gain or l	oss i	s recorded.	The
	estimated useful	lives of our	b	ui	lding	s are up t	o t	hirty years. De	preciation	e	x	pens	e includes th	e	am	ortiza	tion of as	sets	recorded un	der
	finance leases.	Leasehold i	m	pr	ovem	ents and	as	sets recorded	under fin	a	nc	e lea	ses are am	ort	ized	ove	r the sho	rter o	f the expec	ted
	lease term or the	estimated u	s	ef	ul lif	e of the ass	et	.												
																				
	Leases																			
	We determine if	an arrange	m	en	t is	or contains	a	lease at ince	ption. Op	er	at	ing l	eases with l	ea	se t	erms	of more	than	12 months	are
	included in oper	ating lease	a	ss	ets,	accrued an	d	other current	liabilities,	a	nd	lon	g-term opera	tin	g le	ase	liabilities	on o	ur consolida	ted
	balance sheet. O	perating lea	s	e a	sse	ts represen	t o	ur right to use	an underl	yi	ng	ass	et for the lea	se	ter	m an	d lease lia	bilitie	s represent	our
	obligation to mak	e lease pay	m	en	ts o	ver the leas	e	term.												
																				
	Operating lease	assets and l	ia	bi	lities	are recog	niz	ed based on t	he present		va	lue o	f the remaini	ng	lea	se p	ayments d	isco	unted using	our
	incremental borr	owing rate.	O	pe	rati	ng lease a	ss	ets also includ	e initial di	r	ect	cos	ts incurred	an	d pr	epai	d lease p	ayme	nts, minus	any
	lease incentives.	Our lease t	er	m	s inc	lude option	s	to extend or te	rminate th	e	le	ase	when it is rea	so	nab	ly c	ertain that	we w	ill exercise	that
	option. Lease ex	pense is rec	o	gn	ized	on a straig	ht	-line basis ove	r the lease	t	er	m.								
																				
	We combine the	lease and n	o	n-l	ease	compone	nts	in determinin	g the opera	ti	ng	lea	se assets an	d li	abil	ities.				
																				
htt	ps://www.sec.gov/A	rchives/edgar	/d	at	a/104	5810/00010	45	81024000029/n	vda-202401	2	8.h	tm								87/118


Table 31: financial_page_089_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:58 PM							n	vda-20240128							
																	
	Table	of Contents															
							NV	ID	IA Corporation and	Subsidiaries							
						Note	s to	th	e Consolidated Fin	ancial Statem	en	ts					
									(Continued)								
																	
	Goo	dwill															
	Good	will is subject to	ou	r an	nual impairmen	t tes	t d	urin	g the fourth quarter	of our fiscal ye	ar,	or	earlier if in	dicat	ors of potentia	l impairm	ent
	exist.	In completing o	ur	impa	irment test, we	perf	orm	e	ither a qualitative or	a quantitative a	na	lys	is on a rep	orting	unit basis.		
																	
	Quali	tative factors in	clu	de i	ndustry and m	arke	t c	ons	iderations, overall f	inancial perfor	ma	nc	e, and oth	er re	levant events	and fac	tors
	affect	ing the reportin	g u	nits.													
																	
	The	quantitative imp	airm	ent	test considers	both	th	e i	ncome approach an	d the market ap	pr	oa	ch to estim	ate a	reporting uni	t’s fair va	lue.
	The i	ncome and ma	rke	t val	uation approa	ches	co	nsi	der factors that incl	ude, but are n	ot	lim	ited to, pr	ospe	ctive financial	informat	ion,
	grow	th rates, residua	l v	alues	, discount rate	s an	d c	om	parable multiples fro	m publicly trad	ed	co	mpanies i	n our	industry and	require u	s to
	make	certain assum	ptio	ns a	nd estimates re	gard	ing	in	dustry economic fact	ors and the fut	ure	pr	ofitability o	f our	business.		
																	
	Intan	gible Assets a	nd	Othe	r Long-Lived	Ass	ets										
	Intan	gible assets pri	mar	ily r	epresent acqui	red i	nta	ngi	ble assets including	developed tec	hn	olo	gy and cus	tome	r relationship	s, as wel	l as
	rights	acquired unde	r te	chn	ology licenses,	pat	ents	, a	nd acquired IP. We	currently amo	rtiz	e	our intangi	ble a	ssets with fini	te lives o	ver
	perio	ds ranging from	on	e to	twenty years u	sing	a	met	hod that reflects the	pattern in whi	ch	the	economic	bene	fits of the inta	ngible as	set
	are c	onsumed or oth	erw	ise u	sed up or, if th	at p	atte	rn	cannot be reliably de	termined, usin	g a	st	raight-line	amort	ization metho	d.	
																	
	Long	-lived assets, su	ch	as p	roperty and eq	uipm	en	t a	nd intangible assets	subject to amo	rtiz	ati	on, are rev	iewed	for impairme	nt whene	ver
	even	ts or changes	in	circu	mstances indi	cate	tha	t t	he carrying amoun	t of an asset	or	as	set group	may	not be reco	verable.	The
	recov	erability of ass	ets	or a	sset groups to	be h	eld	an	d used is measured	by a comparis	on	of	the carryi	ng am	ount of an a	sset or as	set
	group	to estimated u	ndi	scou	nted future ca	sh fl	ows	e	xpected to be gener	ated by the as	set	or	asset grou	p. If	the carrying a	mount of	an
	asset	or asset group	ex	ceed	s its estimated	futu	re	cas	h flows, an impairm	ent charge is r	ec	ogn	ized for th	e am	ount by which	the carry	ing
	amou	nt of the asset	or	asse	t group exceed	s th	e es	tim	ated fair value of th	e asset or ass	et	gro	up. Fair va	lue is	determined	based on	the
	estim	ated discounte	d fu	ture	cash flows ex	pect	ed t	o	be generated by the	asset or asse	t g	rou	p. Assets	and li	abilities to be	dispose	d of
	woul	d be separately	pre	sent	ed in the Cons	olida	ted	B	alance Sheet and th	e assets would	be	re	ported at t	he lo	wer of the carr	ying amo	unt
	or fai	r value less cos	ts t	o sel	l, and would no	lon	ger	be	depreciated.								
																	
	Busi	ness Combinat	ion														
																	
	We a	llocate the fair	val	ue o	f the purchase	pri	ce	of	an acquisition to the	tangible asse	ts	ac	quired, liab	ilities	assumed, a	nd intang	ible
	asset	s acquired, bas	ed	on th	eir estimated f	air v	alu	es.	The excess of the f	air value of the	pu	rch	ase price	over t	he fair values	of these	net
	tangi	ble and intangi	ble	asse	ts acquired is	rec	orde	d	as goodwill. Manag	ement’s estima	te	s o	f fair value	are	based upon	assumpti	ons
	belie	ved to be reaso	na	ble,	but our estimat	es a	nd	as	sumptions are inher	ently uncertain	a	nd	subject to	refin	ement. The e	stimates	and
	assu	mptions used in	va	luin	g intangible as	sets	inc	lu	de, but are not limit	ed to, the amo	un	t a	nd timing	of pr	ojected future	cash flo	ws,
	disco	unt rate used t	o d	eter	mine the prese	nt va	lue	of	these cash flows a	nd asset lives.	T	hes	e estimate	s are	inherently u	ncertain a	nd,
	there	fore, actual res	ults	ma	y differ from th	e es	tim	ate	s made. As a resul	t, during the m	ea	sur	ement per	iod o	f up to one y	ear from	the
	acqui	sition date, we	ma	y re	cord adjustme	nts t	o th	e	assets acquired and	liabilities assu	m	ed	with the c	orres	ponding offset	to good	will.
	Upon	the measurem	ent	per	iod's conclusio	n or	fin	al	determination of the	fair value of t	he	pu	rchase pri	ce of	an acquisitio	n, whiche	ver
	come	s first, any subs	eq	uent	adjustments ar	e re	cor	ded	to our Consolidate	d Statements o	f In	co	me.				
																	
	Acqu	isition-related e	xpe	nses	are recognize	d se	par	ate	ly from the business	combination a	nd	ex	pensed as	incur	red.		
																	
	Inves	tments in Non	-Af	filiat	ed Entities												
																	
	Our i	nvestment in no	n-a	ffiliat	es consists of	mar	keta	ble	equity securities, w	hich are public	ly	tra	ded, and n	on-m	arketable equi	ty securit	ies,
	which	are investmen	ts i	n pri	vately held co	mpa	nies	.	Marketable equity se	curities have r	ea	dily	determina	ble f	air values wit	h change	s in
	fair v	alue recorded i	n o	ther	income (expe	nse)	, ne	t.	Non-marketable eq	uity securities i	nc	lud	e investme	nts t	hat do not ha	ve a rea	dily
	deter	minable fair val	ue.	The	investments th	at d	o n	ot h	ave readily determi	nable fair value	ar	e m	easured a	t cos	t minus impai	rment, if	any,
	and a	re adjusted for	cha	nge	s resulting from	obs	erv	ab	le price changes in	orderly transact	io	ns f	or an ident	ical o	r similar inve	stment in	the
	same	issuer, or the	me	asu	rement alterna	tive.	Fa	ir	value is based upo	n observable i	np	uts	in an ina	ctive	market and t	he valua	tion
	requi	res our judgme	nt d	ue t	o the absence	of	mar	ke	t prices and inheren	t lack of liquid	ity.	Al	l gains an	d loss	es on these	investme	nts,
	realiz	ed and unrealiz	ed,	are	recognized in o	ther	inc	om	e (expense), net on	our Consolidat	ed	St	atements o	f Inc	ome.		
																	
	We a	ssess whether	an	impa	irment loss ha	s oc	cur	red	on our investments	in non-marke	tab	le	equity sec	urities	, accounted f	or under	the
	meas	urement altern	ativ	e b	ased on quan	titati	ve	an	d qualitative factors	. If any impa	irm	en	t is identif	ied f	or non-marke	table eq	uity
	secur	ities, we write d	ow	n th	e investment to	its	fair	va	lue and record the	corresponding	ch	arg	e through	other	income (expe	nse), net	on
	our C	onsolidated Sta	tem	ent	s of Income.												
																	
htt	ps://w	ww.sec.gov/Archiv	es/	edga	r/data/1045810/0	0010	458	10	24000029/nvda-20240	128.htm							89/118


Table 32: financial_page_092_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25, 1:58 PM																		nv	da	-202401	28																	
																																							
	Table of Content	s																																					
												NVID	IA	Corpo	ra	ti	on	a	nd	Su	bsidia	ries																	
											Notes	to t	he	Conso	lid	a	ted	F	in	an	cial St	atem	ents																
														(	Co	n	tin	ue	d)																				
																																							
	Other informatio	n r	ela	ted	to	le	a	ses	was	a	s follow	s:																											
																							Year	En	de	d													
														Ja	n	2	8,	20	24			J	an 2	9,	202	3					J	a	n	3	0,	202	2		
																																							
																							(In m	illi	ons	)													
	Supplemental	cas	h	flow	s	in	fo	rm	ation																														
	Operating cash	flo	ws	use	d f	or	o	per	ating	l	eases		$							2	86 $							184	$								1	5	4
	Operating lease	as	se	ts o	bta	in	e	d in	exch	a	nge fo	r																											
	lease obligation	s											$							5	31 $							358	$								2	6	6
																																							
	As of January 2	8,	20	24,	o	ur	o	per	ating	l	eases	had	a	weighte	d	a	ver	ag	e	re	maining	leas	e te	rm	of	6.	1	year	s a	nd	a	w	e	i	ght	ed	aver	a	ge
	discount rate of	3.	76	%. A	s o	f	J	anu	ary 2	9	, 2023,	our	op	erating	le	as	es	h	ad	a	weight	ed av	erag	e re	ma	in	in	g lea	se	term		o	f	6.	8	year	s an	d	a
	weighted averag	e	dis	cou	nt r	at	e	of 3	.21	%.																													
																																							
	Note 4 - Stock	-B	as	ed	C	o	m	pen	sati	o	n																												
																																							
	Our stock-base	d	co	mpe	ns	at	io	n e	xpe	ns	e is a	ssoc	iat	ed wit	h	R	SU	s,	p	er	forman	ce st	ock	uni	ts	b	as	ed o	n	our	c	o	r	po	ra	te f	inan	ci	al
	performance tar	get	s,	or P	SU	s	,	perf	orma	n	ce stoc	k uni	ts	based o	n	m	ar	ke	t c	on	ditions,	or m	arket	-ba	se	d P	S	Us, a	nd	our	E		SP		P.				
																																							
	Our Consolidate	d	Sta	tem	en	ts	o	f Inc	ome	i	nclude	stoc	k-b	ased co	m	p	en	sa	tio	n e	xpense	, net	of a	mou	nts	a	ll	ocate	d to	inv	e	n	to	ry	, a	s fo	llow	s:	
																																							
																											Y	ear E	nd	ed									
																					J	an 28	, 20	24			Ja	n 29	, 20	23				J	an	30,	202	2	
																																							
																											(	In mill	ion	s)									
	Cost of revenue																				$			141		$				138			$				1	4	1
	Research and d	ev	elo	pm	ent																		2,	532					1,	892							1,2	9	8
	Sales, general a	nd	ad	mi	nist	ra	ti	ve																876						680							5	6	5
	Total																				$		3,	549		$			2,	710			$				2,0	0	4
																																							
	Stock-based co	mp	en	sati	on	ca	p	itali	zed i	n	invento	ries	wa	s not si	gn	if	ica	nt	du	rin	g fiscal	year	s 202	4,	20	23	,	and 2	022	.									
																																							
	The following is	a s	um	ma	ry	of	e	quit	y aw	a	rds gra	nted	un	der our	e	qu	ity	in	ce	nti	ve plan	s:																	
																											Y	ear E	nd	ed									
																					J	an 28	, 20	24			Ja	n 29,	20	23				J	an	30,	202	2	
																																							
																							(In	mil	lio	ns,		excep	t p	er sh	a	r	e	d	ata	)			
	RSUs, PSUs an	d	Ma	rke	t-b	as	e	d P	SUs																														
	Awards granted																							14						25								1	8
	Estimated total	gra	nt-	dat	e fa	ir	v	alue													$		5,	316		$			4,	505			$				3,4	9	2
	Weighted avera	ge	gr	ant-	dat	e	fa	ir v	alue	p	er shar	e									$		374	.08		$			18	3.72			$				190.	6	9
																																							
	ESPP																																						
	Shares purchas	ed																						3						3									5
	Weighted avera	ge	pri	ce	per	s	h	are													$		158	.07		$			12	2.54			$				56.	3	6
	Weighted avera	ge	gr	ant-	dat	e	fa	ir v	alue	p	er shar	e									$		69	.90		$			5	1.87			$				23.	2	4
																																							
	As of January 2	8,	20	24,	the	re		was	$8.6		billion o	f ag	gre	gate un	ea	r	ne	d s	to	ck	-based	comp	ensa	tio	n e	xp	e	nse.	Thi	s am	o	u	n	t	is	exp	ecte	d	to
	be recognized o	ver	a	wei	ght	e	d	ave	rage	p	eriod o	f 2.5	ye	ars for	RS	U	s,	P	SU	s,	and ma	rket-	base	d P	SU	s,	a	nd 0.	8 y	ears	f	o	r	E	SP	P.			
																																							
																	61																						
																																							
htt	ps://www.sec.gov/	Arc	hiv	es/e	dga	r/	da	ta/1	0458	10	/00010	45810	24	000029/	nv	da	-20	2	401	28	.htm																	9	2/118


Table 33: financial_page_093_table_001.csv

Table of Cont	ents																		
							N	VIDIA	Corporation	and	Sub	sid	iarie	s					
					N	otes	t	o the	Consolidated	Fin	anci	al	State	men	ts				
									(Continu	ed)									
																			
The fair value	of shares issu	ed	und	er o	ur ES	PP	ha	ve be	en estimated	with	the f	ollo	wing	ass	umptions	:			
																			
																Year Ended			
													Jan	28,	2024	Jan 29, 2023	Jan	30, 202	2
																			
															(Using t	he Black-Schole	s model)		
ESPP																			
Weighted av	erage expected	lif	e (in	yea	rs)										0.1-2.0	0.1-2.0		0.1-	2.0
Risk-free inte	rest rate													3.9%	-5.5%	—%-4.6%		—%-0.	5%
Volatility														31	%-67%	43%-72%		20%-5	8%
Dividend yiel	d														0.1%	0.1%		0.	1%
																			
For ESPP sh	ares, the expec	te	d ter	m re	pres	ents	th	e ave	rage term from	the	first	da	y of t	he	offering p	eriod to the purc	hase dat	e. The r	isk-
free interest	rate assumptio	n	used	to	value	ES	PP	shar	es is based u	pon	obs	erv	ed in	tere	st rates	on Treasury bills	appropr	iate for	the
expected ter	m. Our expecte	d	stock	pri	ce vo	latil	ity	assu	mption for ES	PP i	s est	im	ated	usin	g historic	al volatility. For	awards g	ranted,	we
use the divid	end yield at gra	nt	date	. O	ur RS	U,	PS	U, an	d market-base	d P	SU a	wa	rds a	re n	ot eligibl	e for cash divide	nds prior	to vest	ing;
therefore, the	fair values of R	S	Us, P	SU	s, an	d m	ar	ket-ba	sed PSUs are	disc	ount	ed	for th	e di	vidend yi	eld.			
																			
Additionally, f	or RSU, PSU,	an	d ma	rke	t-bas	ed P	S	U awa	rds, we estim	ate f	orfeit	ur	es se	mi-a	nnually	and revise the es	timates	of forfeit	ure
in subsequen	t periods if actu	al	forfe	itur	es dif	fer f	ro	m thos	e estimates. F	orfe	iture	s a	re es	tima	ted base	d on historical e	xperienc	e.	
																			
Equity Incen	tive Program																		
We grant or	have granted	st	ock	optio	ns,	RSU	s,	PSU	s, market-bas	ed P	SUs	, a	nd s	tock	purcha	se rights under	the follo	wing eq	uity
incentive pla	ns. In addition,	in	con	nec	tion	with	ou	r acq	uisitions of va	riou	s co	mp	anies	, we	have a	ssumed certain	stock-ba	sed awa	rds
granted unde	r their stock inc	e	ntive	plan	s an	d co	nv	erted	them into our	RSU	s.								
																			
Amended an	d Restated 20	07	Equ	ity	Incen	tive	P	lan											
																			
In 2007, our	shareholders a	pp	roved	th	e NVI	DIA	C	orpora	tion 2007 Equ	ity I	ncen	tive	Pla	n, or	as most	recently amend	ed and r	estated,	the
2007 Plan.																			
																			
The 2007 Pla	n authorizes th	e	issua	nce	of in	cent	iv	e stoc	k options, non-	stat	utory	st	ock o	ptio	ns, restri	cted stock, RSUs	, stock a	pprecia	tion
rights, perfor	mance stock a	wa	rds,	perf	orma	nce	c	ash a	wards, and oth	er s	tock	-ba	sed	awa	rds to e	mployees, directo	rs and c	onsulta	nts.
Only our emp	loyees may rec	e	ive in	cen	tive s	tock	o	ptions	. As of Januar	y 28	, 202	4,	up to	37	million s	hares of our com	mon sto	ck could	be
issued pursu	ant to stock aw	ar	ds gr	ante	d un	der t	he	2007	Plan. Currentl	y, w	e gra	nt	RSU	s, P	SUs and	market-based P	SUs und	er the 2	007
Plan, under w	hich, as of Jan	ua	ry 28	, 20	24, t	here	w	ere 1	47 million shar	es a	vaila	ble	for f	utur	e grants.				
																			
Subject to ce	rtain exception	s,	RS	Us g	rante	d to		emplo	yees vest (A)	ove	r a f	our	-year	pe	riod, sub	ject to continue	d service	, with 2	5%
vesting on a	pre-determined	d	ate t	hat i	s clo	se t	o t	he an	niversary of th	e da	te of	gr	ant a	nd	6.25% ve	sting quarterly t	hereafter	, (B) ov	er a
three-year pe	riod, subject to	c	ontin	ued	servi	ce,	wit	h 40%	vesting on a	pre-	dete	rmi	ned	date	that is c	lose to the anniv	ersary of	the dat	e of
grant and 7.5	% vesting qua	rt	erly t	here	after,	or	(C	) over	a four-year p	erio	d, su	bje	ct to	con	tinued s	ervice, with 6.25	% vestin	g quart	erly.
PSUs vest o	ver a four-yea	r	perio	d, s	ubjec	t to	c	ontinu	ed service, w	ith	25%	ve	sting	on	a pre-d	etermined date	that is c	lose to	the
anniversary	of the date of	g	rant	and	6.25	% v	e	sting	quarterly there	afte	r. M	ark	et-ba	sed	PSUs v	est 100% on a	bout the	three-y	ear
anniversary o	f the date of gr	an	t. Ho	wev	er, th	e nu	m	ber of	shares subjec	t to	both	PS	Us a	nd	market-b	ased PSUs that	are eligib	le to ve	st is
determined b	y the Compens	at	ion C	om	mittee	ba	se	d on a	chievement of	pre	-dete	rm	ined	crite	ria.				
																			
Amended an	d Restated 20	12	Em	ploy	ee S	tock	P	urch	ase Plan										
																			
In 2012, our	shareholders a	p	prove	d th	e NV	IDIA	C	orpor	ation 2012 Em	plo	yee	Sto	ck P	urch	ase Plan	, or as most rec	ently am	ended	and
restated, the	2012 Plan.																		
																			
Employees w	ho participate i	n	the 2	012	Plan	ma	y	have	up to 15% of t	heir	earn	ing	s wit	hhe	ld to pur	chase shares of	common	stock.	The
Board may d	ecrease this pe	rc	entag	e a	t its d	iscr	eti	on. E	ach offering pe	riod	is a	bou	t 24	mo	nths, divi	ded into four pur	chase pe	riods of	six
months. The	price of comm	on	stoc	k p	urcha	sed	u	nder o	ur 2012 Plan	will	be e	qu	al to	85%	of the	lower of the fair	market v	alue of	the
common stoc	k on the comm	e	ncem	ent	date	of e	ac	h offe	ring period or t	he f	air m	ar	ket v	alue	of the co	mmon stock on	each pur	chase d	ate
within the off	ering. As of Jan	ua	ry 28	, 20	24, w	e h	ad	227	million shares r	ese	rved	for	futur	e is	suance u	nder the 2012 Pl	an.		
																			
									62										
																			
ps://www.sec.g	ov/Archives/edga	r/d	ata/1	0458	10/00	010	45	810240	00029/nvda-20	2401	28.ht	m							93/118


Table 34: financial_page_094_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25, 1:58 PM																	nv	da-2	02	40	128													
																																			
	Table of Conten	ts																																	
											NVI	DI	A	C	orpora	tion	an	d	Sub	si	di	aries													
										Notes	to	th	e	C	onsolid	ate	d F	in	anci	al	S	tate	men	ts											
															(Co	ntin	ue	d)																	
																																			
	Equity Award	Activity																																	
	The following i	s a summa	ry	o	f ou	r	eq	uity	a	ward tr	ans	ac	ti	on	s unde	r ou	r e	qu	ity in	ce	nt	ive p	lan	s:											
																																			
																				RS	U	s, P	SUs	and	Ma	rket-ba	se	d	PS	Us	Ou	tst	an	ding	
																											W	eig	h	ted	Av	era	ge	Gran	t-
																				N	um	ber	of	Shar	es				D	ate	Fai	r V	alu	e	
																																			
																							(In	millio	ns,	except p	er	s	ha	re d	ata	)			
	Balances, Jan	29, 2023																								45 $								158.	45
	Granted																									14 $								374.	08
	Vested rest	ricted stoc	k																							(21) $								148.	56
	Canceled a	nd forfeite	d																							(1) $								206.	35
	Balances, Jan	28, 2024																								37 $								245.	94
	Vested and ex	pected to	ves	t	afte	r	Ja	n 2	8,	2024																37 $								245.	49
																																			
	As of January	28, 2024 a	nd	J	anu	a	ry	29,	2	023, th	ere	w	er	e	147 mil	lion	an	d 1	60	mil	lio	n sh	are	s, res	pec	tively, o	f c	om	m	on	sto	ck a	va	ilable	for
	future grants u	nder our e	qui	ty	inc	e	nti	ve	pla	ns.																									
																																			
	The total fair v	alue of RS	Us	a	nd	P	SU	s,	as	of thei	r re	sp	e	cti	ve vesti	ng	dat	es,	dur	in	g t	he y	ear	s end	ed	January	28	,	20	24,	Jan	uar	y	29, 20	23,
	and January 3	0, 2022, w	as	$	8.2	bi	llio	n,	$4	.3 billio	n,	an	d	$5	.6 billio	n, r	es	pec	tive	ly.															
																																			
	Note 5 - Net	Income	Per		Sh	ar	e																												
																																			
	The following	is a reco	nci	lia	tio	n	of	th	e	denom	inat	or		of	the ba	sic	an	d	dilut	ed	n	et in	co	me p	er	share c	om	p	uta	tion	s f	or	the	peri	ods
	presented:																																		
																																			
																										Year	En	d	ed						
																						Jan	28,	2024		Jan 2	9,	20	23		J	an	30	, 202	2
																																			
																								(In m	illio	ns, exce	pt	pe	r	shar	e d	ata	)		
	Numerator:																																		
	Net income																				$		2	9,76	0	$		4,	36	8	$			9,7	52
	Denominator:																																		
	Basic weig	hted avera	ge	s	har	es																		2,46	9			2,	48	7				2,4	96
	Dilutive imp	act of outs	tan	d	ing	e	qu	ity	aw	ards														2	5				2	0					39
	Diluted wei	ghted aver	ag	e	sha	re	s																	2,49	4			2,	50	7				2,5	35
	Net income pe	r share:																																	
	Basic (1)																				$			12.0	5	$			1.7	6	$			3.	91
	Diluted (2)																				$			11.9	3	$			1.7	4	$			3.	85
																																			
	Equity awards	excluded	fro	m	dil	ut	ed	ne	t i	ncome	pe	r s	h	ar	e beca	use	th	eir	effe	ct															
	would have be	en anti-dil	utiv	e																															
																								1	5				4	0					21
																																			
	(1) Calculated as	net income d	ivid	e	d by	ba	sic	wei	ght	ed avera	ge s	ha	re	s.																					
																																			
	(2) Calculated as	net income d	ivid	e	d by	dil	ute	d w	eig	hted aver	age	sh	ar	es.																					
																																			
	Note 6 - Goo	dwill																																	
																																			
	As of January	28, 2024,	the	t	ota	l c	ar	ryin	g	amoun	t of	g	o	od	will was	$4	.4	bill	ion,	co	ns	istin	g o	f goo	dwil	l balanc	es	a	llo	cate	d t	o o	ur	Comp	ute
	& Networking	and Grap	hic	s	rep	o	rtin	g	uni	ts of $	4.1	b	ill	io	n and	$37	0	milli	on,	re	sp	ectiv	ely	. As	of J	anuary	29	,	20	23,	the	to	tal	carr	ying
	amount of goo	dwill was $	4.	4	billi	on	, c	on	sis	ting of	go	od	w	ill	balance	s al	lo	cat	ed t	o o	ur	Co	mpu	te &	Net	working	an	d	Gr	aph	ics	rep	or	ting u	nits
	of $4.0 billion	and $370	mil	li	on,	re	sp	ec	tiv	ely. Go	od	will	i	nc	reased	by	$5	9	millio	n	in	fisc	al y	ear 2	024	from a	n i	m	m	ateri	al	acq	uis	ition	and
	was allocated	to our C	om	p	ute	&	N	et	wo	rking r	epo	rti	n	g	unit. D	urin	g t	he	fou	rth	q	uart	ers	of fi	sca	l years	20	2	4,	202	3,	and	2	022,	we
	completed our	annual qu	alit	a	tive	i	mp	air	me	nt test	s an	d	c	on	cluded	that	go	od	will	wa	s	not i	mp	aired.											
																																			
htt	ps://www.sec.go	v/Archives/e	dg	ar	/dat	a/	104	58	10/	000104	581	02	4	00	0029/nv	da-2	024	01	28.h	tm															94/118


Table 35: financial_page_097_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:58	PM														n	vda-	20	24	012	8												
																																		
	Table	of C	onte	nts																														
												NVI	DIA	Corpor	ati	on	and	Su	bs	id	iari	e	s											
											Notes	to	the	Consol	ida	ted	Fi	nan	ci	al	Stat	e	me	nt	s									
														(C	on	tinu	ed)																	
																																		
	Note	8 -	Cas	h	Equival	en	ts	and		Mark	etabl	e S	ecu	rities																				
																																		
	Our c	ash	equi	va	lents and	m	ark	etab	l	e secu	rities r	ela	ted t	o debt s	ec	uriti	es	are	cla	s	sifie	d	as	“a	vailable-fo	r-	sale”	de	bt	secur	itie	s.		
																																		
	The f	ollow	ing	is	a summar	y	of	cash	e	quiva	lents a	nd	mar	ketable	se	curit	ies	:																
																																		
																				Ja	n 28	,	20	24										
																																		
																													R	eport	ed	as		
																																		
										Amo	rtized		U	nrealize	d		Un	rea	liz	e	d		Es	ti	mated		C	as	h			Marke	tabl	e
										C	ost			Gain				Lo	ss				Fa	ir	Value		Equi	val	en	ts		Secu	ritie	s
																																		
																				(I	n mi	lli	ons	)										
	Corp	orat	e de	bt	securities				$		10,12	6	$		31	$					(5)	$			10,152	$			2,	231	$		7,9	21
	Debt	sec	uritie	s i	ssued by	th	e U	.S.																										
	Trea	sury									9,51	7			17					(	10)				9,524				1,	315			8,2	09
	Debt	sec	uritie	s i	ssued by	U.	S.																											
	gove	rnm	ent a	ge	ncies						2,32	6			8						(1)				2,333					89			2,2	44
	Mon	ey m	arke	t f	unds						3,03	1			—						—				3,031				3,	031				—
	Certi	ficat	es of	d	eposit						51	0			—						—				510					294			2	16
	Forei	gn g	over	n	ment bond	s					17	4			—						—				174					60			1	14
	Total								$		25,68	4	$		56	$				(	16)	$			25,724	$			7,	020	$		18,7	04
																																		
																				Ja	n 29	,	20	23										
																																		
																													R	eport	ed	as		
																																		
										Amo	rtized		Un	realize	d		Un	rea	liz	ed			Es	ti	mated		Ca	sh				Marke	tabl	e
										Co	st			Gain				Los	s				Fa	ir	Value		Equiv	al	en	ts		Secu	ritie	s
																																		
																				(I	n mi	lli	ons	)										
	Corp	orat	e de	bt	securities				$		4,809		$		—	$				(1	2)	$			4,797	$			1,0	87	$		3,7	10
	Debt	sec	uritie	s i	ssued by	th	e U	.S.																										
	Trea	sury									4,185				1					(4	4)				4,142					—			4,1	42
	Debt	sec	uritie	s i	ssued by	U.	S.																											
	gove	rnm	ent a	ge	ncies						1,836				—					(	2)				1,834					50			1,7	84
	Mon	ey m	arke	t f	unds						1,777				—						—				1,777				1,7	77				—
	Certi	ficat	es of	d	eposit						365				—						—				365				1	34			2	31
	Forei	gn g	over	n	ment bond	s					140				—						—				140				1	00				40
	Total								$		13,112		$		1	$				(5	8)	$			13,055	$			3,1	48	$		9,9	07
																																		
																65																		
																																		
htt	ps://w	ww.s	ec.go	v/	Archives/ed	ga	r/d	ata/1	0	45810/	000104	581	0240	00029/n	vda	-20	240	128.	ht	m														97/118


Table 36: financial_page_098_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:58	PM																					nv	da-2024	01	28													
																																								
	Table	of C	ont	e	nt	s																																		
																NVI	DIA	Co	rp	or	atio	n a	n	d	Subsid	ia	rie	s												
														No	tes	to	the	Co	ns	oli	dat	ed	F	in	ancial	St	ate	ments												
																				(C	onti	nu	e	d)																
																																								
	The f	ollo	win	g	ta	bles	pro	vi	de t	he	br	ea	kdo	wn	of u	nre	alize	d	los	se	s, a	ggr	e	ga	ted by	in	ves	tment	c	ate	gory	and l	eng	th	of	tim	e	that	indivi	dual
	secur	ities	ha	v	e	been	in	a c	onti	nu	ou	s l	oss	pos	itio	n:																								
																																								
																									Jan	2	8,	2024												
													Le	ss t	ha	n 12	Mo	nt	hs					1	2 Mont	hs	o	r Grea	te	r						Tot	al			
																	G	ro	ss									Gr	os	s								G	ross	
												Es	tim	ate	d		Unr	ea	lize	d			E	sti	mated			Unre	ali	ze	d	Es	tim	ate	d			Unr	ealize	d
												Fa	ir V	alu	e		L	o	ss				F	air	Value			Lo	s	s		Fa	ir V	alu	e			L	oss	
																									(In	m	illio	ns)												
	Debt	sec	uriti	e	s	issue	d b	y	the																															
	U.S.	Trea	sur	y							$			3,3	43	$				(	5)	$			1,07	8	$				(5)	$		4,	421		$		(	10)
	Corp	orat	e d	eb	t	secu	ritie	s						1,3	06					(	3)				61	8					(2)			1,	924					(5)
	Debt	sec	uriti	e	s	issue	d b	y	U.S.																															
	gove	rnm	ent	a	g	encie	s							6	70					(	1)				—						—				670					(1)
	Total										$			5,3	19	$				(	9)	$			1,69	6	$				(7)	$		7,	015		$		(	16)
																																								
																									Jan	2	9,	2023												
													Le	ss t	ha	n 12	Mo	nt	hs					1	2 Mont	hs	o	r Grea	te	r						Tot	al			
																	G	ro	ss									Gr	os	s								G	ross	
												E	stim	ate	d		Unr	ea	liz	ed			E	sti	mated			Unre	ali	ze	d	Es	tim	ate	d			Unr	ealize	d
												F	air V	alu	e		L	o	ss				F	air	Value			Lo	s	s		Fa	ir V	alu	e			L	oss	
																																								
																									(In	m	illio	ns)												
	Debt	sec	uriti	e	s	issue	d b	y	the																															
	U.S.	Trea	sur	y							$			2,4	44	$				(2	1)	$			1,17	2	$			(	23)	$		3,6	16		$		(	44)
	Corp	orat	e d	eb	t	secu	ritie	s						1,1	88					(	7)				69	6					(5)			1,8	84				(	12)
	Debt	sec	uriti	e	s	issue	d b	y	U.S.																															
	gove	rnm	ent	a	g	encie	s							1,3	07					(	2)				—						—			1,3	07					(2)
	Total										$			4,9	39	$				(3	0)	$			1,86	8	$			(	28)	$		6,8	07		$		(	58)
																																								
	The	gross	u	nr	e	alized	lo	ss	es a	re	re	lat	ed t	o fi	xed	inco	me	se	cur	iti	es,	dri	ve	n	primari	ly	by	chang	es	in	inte	rest r	ate	s. N	et	re	ali	zed	gains	and
	losse	s we	re	n	ot	signi	fica	nt	for	all	pe	rio	ds p	res	ent	ed.																								
																																								
	The a	mor	tize	d	c	ost a	nd	es	tima	te	d f	air	valu	e	of c	ash	equi	va	len	ts	and	m	ar	ke	table s	ec	urit	ies ar	e s	ho	wn b	elow	by	con	tra	ctu	al	mat	urity.	
																																								
																									Jan 2	8,	2	024						Ja	n	29,	2	023		
																						A	m	or	tized			Estim	at	ed		Am	ort	ize	d			Esti	mate	d
																								Co	st			Fair V	al	ue			Cos	t				Fair	Valu	e
																																								
																														(In	milli	ons)								
	Less	than	o	ne	y	ear															$				16,336		$		16,	32	9	$		9,7	38		$		9,7	08
	Due	in 1	- 5	y	ea	rs																			9,348				9,	39	5			3,3	74				3,3	47
	Total																				$				25,684		$		25,	72	4	$	1	3,1	12		$		13,0	55
																																								
																					6	6																		
																																								
htt	ps://w	ww.s	ec.g	o	v/	Archiv	es/	ed	gar/d	ata	/1	04	5810	/00	0104	581	0240	00	029	/n	vda-	202	4	01	28.htm															98/118


Table 37: financial_page_099_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:58 PM																				nv	da	-202	401	28																
																																										
	Table	of Conten	ts																																							
													N	V	I	DIA	Corpo	ra	tio	n	an	d	Su	bsi	dia	rie	s															
												No	tes	t	o	the	Conso	lid	at	ed	F	in	an	cia	l St	ate		me	nt	s												
																	(	Co	nti	nu	e	d)																				
																																										
	Note	9 - Fair	V	al	ue	o	f	Fi	nan	cial	Ass	ets	an	d	L	iab	ilities	a	nd	In	v	es	tm	en	ts i	n	N	o	n-	Affili	at	ed	Entities									
																																										
	The f	air value	s	of	ou	r	fin	an	cial	asse	ts a	nd li	abili	ti	e	s ar	e deter	m	ine	d	us	in	g	quo	ted	m	a	rk	et	prices	o	f id	entical a	sse	ts	o	r	qu	oted	ma	rk	et
	price	s of simila	r	as	set	s	fro	m	acti	ve m	arke	ts. W	e r	e	vi	ew f	air valu	e	hie	ra	rc	hy	cl	ass	ifica	tio	n	o	n	a quar	te	rly b	asis.									
																																										
																																	Fair V	alu	e	at						
																			Pr	ic	in	g	Ca	teg	ory					Jan	28	, 20	24			J	an	2	9, 20	23		
																																										
																																	(In mi	llio	ns	)						
	Asse	ts																																								
	Cash	equivale	nt	s a	nd		ma	rk	etabl	e se	curit	ies:																														
		Money m	ar	ket	fu	n	ds														L	ev	el	1				$					3,031	$						1,7	7	7
		Corporate	d	eb	t s	e	cu	riti	es												L	ev	el	2				$					10,152	$						4,7	9	7
		Debt secu	ri	tie	s is	s	ue	d	by th	e U.	S. Tr	easu	ry								L	ev	el	2				$					9,524	$						4,1	4	2
		Debt secu	ri	tie	s is	s	ue	d	by U.	S. g	over	nme	nt a	g	e	ncie	s				L	ev	el	2				$					2,333	$						1,8	3	4
		Certificate	s	of	de	p	os	it													L	ev	el	2				$					510	$						3	6	5
		Foreign g	ov	er	nm	e	nt	bo	nds												L	ev	el	2				$					174	$						1	4	0
	Oth	er assets	(I	nve	st	m	en	t in	non	-affil	iate	d ent	ities	)	:																											
	P	ublicly-he	ld	e	qui	ty	s	ec	uritie	s											L	ev	el	1				$					225	$							1	1
																																										
	Liab	ilities (1)																																								
		0.309% N	ot	es	D	ue	2	02	3												L	ev	el	2				$					—	$						1,2	3	0
		0.584% N	ot	es	D	ue	2	02	4												L	ev	el	2				$					1,228	$						1,1	8	5
		3.20% No	te	s	Du	e	20	26													L	ev	el	2				$					970	$						9	6	6
		1.55% No	te	s	Du	e	20	28													L	ev	el	2				$					1,115	$						1,0	9	9
		2.85% No	te	s	Du	e	20	30													L	ev	el	2				$					1,367	$						1,3	6	4
		2.00% No	te	s	Du	e	20	31													L	ev	el	2				$					1,057	$						1,0	4	4
		3.50% No	te	s	Du	e	20	40													L	ev	el	2				$					851	$						8	7	0
		3.50% No	te	s	Du	e	20	50													L	ev	el	2				$					1,604	$						1,6	3	7
		3.70% No	te	s	Du	e	20	60													L	ev	el	2				$					403	$						4	1	0
																																										
	(1) T	hese liabiliti	es	are	car	ri	ed	on	our C	onsoli	dated	Balan	ce S	h	ee	ts at	their orig	ina	l iss	ua	nc	e v	alu	e, ne	t of	una	m	or	tize	d debt	dis	coun	t and issua	nce	co	st	s.					
																																										
	Inves	tments i	n	No	n-	A	ffi	lia	ted	Entit	ies																															
	Our i	nvestme	nts	in	n	o	n-	affi	liate	d en	tities	inc	lude		m	ark	etable	eq	uit	y	se	cu	riti	es,	wh	ich		ar	e	public	ly	tra	ded, and	no	n	-m	a	rk	etable	eq	ui	ty
	secur	ities, whi	ch	a	re	pr	im	ar	ily in	vest	men	ts in	priv	a	t	ely h	eld co	mp	an	ie	s.	O	ur	ma	rket	ab	le	e	q	uity se	c	uriti	es have	rea	dil	y	de	te	rmina	ble	f	air
	value	s and are	r	ec	ord	e	d	as	long	-term	oth	er a	sset	s	o	n o	ur Con	sol	ida	te	d	Ba	la	nce	Sh	ee	ts	a	t f	air val	u	e wit	h chang	es i	n	fa	ir	va	lue re	cor	de	d
	in Ot	her incom	e	an	d	ex	pe	ns	e, n	et on	our	Con	soli	d	a	ted	Statem	en	ts	of	In	co	m	e. M	ark	et	a	ble	e	quity	se	curi	ties total	ed	$2	2	5	mi	llion a	nd	$	11
	millio	n as of J	an	ua	ry	2	8,	20	24 a	nd J	anu	ary 2	9, 2	0	2	3, r	especti	ve	ly.	Th	e	ne	t	unr	eali	zed		an	d	realiz	ed	ga	ins and l	oss	e	s	of	in	vestm	ent	s	in
	mark	etable se	cu	riti	es	n	et	we	re n	ot si	gnifi	cant	for f	is	c	al y	ears 20	24	, 2	02	3	an	d	202	2.																	
																																										
	Our n	on-mark	et	abl	e e	q	uit	y	secu	rities	are	reco	rde	d	i	n lon	g-term	o	the	r a	s	se	ts	on	our	Co	n	s	olid	ated	B	alan	ce Shee	ts.	Th	e	c	arr	ying v	alu	e	of
	our n	on-marke	ta	bl	e e	q	uit	y	secu	rities	tota	led	$1.3		b	illion	and $	28	8	mi	llio	n	a	s of	Ja	nu	ar	y	28	, 202	4	and	January	29	,	2	02	3,	respe	ctiv	e	ly.
	Gain	s and los	se	s o	n t	h	es	e i	nves	tme	nts, r	ealiz	ed	a	n	d un	realize	d,	are	r	ec	og	ni	zed	in	Oth	e	r	in	come	an	d e	xpense,	net	o	n	ou	r	Conso	lida	te	d
	State	ments of	In	co	me	.																																				
																																										
																			6	7																						
																																										
htt	ps://w	ww.sec.go	v/	Arc	hive	s	/e	dga	r/dat	a/104	581	0/000	104	58	1	024	000029/	nv	da-	20	24	01	28	.htm																	9	9/118


Table 38: financial_page_100_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25, 1:58 PM													nvda-2	0240128										
																									
	Table of Cont	en	t	s																					
									N	VID	IA	Corporati	on an	d Sub	sidiaries										
							No	te	s t	o t	he	Consolida	ted Fi	nanci	al Statem	ents									
												(Con	tinued	)											
																									
	Adjustments	t	o	th	e	carrying	value of our non	-m	a	rke	tab	le equity s	ecuriti	es ac	counted fo	r und	e	r the m	ea	surem	ent	alte	rnati	ve wer	e as
	follows:																								
																									
																						Year	En	ded	
																									
																						Jan	28, 2	024	
																									
																						(In	millio	ns)	
	Carrying am	ou	n	t a	s	of Jan 2	9, 2023													$				2	88
	Adjustments	r	el	at	ed	to non-m	arketable equity	s	ec	urit	ies:														
	Net additions																							8	59
	Unrealized g	ai	n	s																				1	94
	Impairments	a	n	d	un	realized l	osses																		(20)
	Carrying am	ou	n	t a	s	of Jan 2	8, 2024													$				1,3	21
																									
	In the fourth	q	ua	rt	er	of fiscal	year 2024, one o	f	ou	r p	riva	te compan	y inve	stmen	ts complet	ed a	s	econdar	y	equity	rais	e th	at re	sulted i	n an
	unrealized g	ai	n	of	$1	78 millio	n.																		
																									
	Net unrealize	d	g	ai	ns	recogni	zed for the year	en	d	ed	Jan	uary 28, 2	024 fo	r non	-marketabl	e inv	es	tments	in	non-af	filia	ted	entiti	es still	held
	as of Januar	y	2	8,	2	024 wer	e $174 million.	N	et	un	rea	lized and	realize	d gai	ns related	to n	on	-marke	ta	ble eq	uity	sec	uritie	s were	not
	significant fo	r f	is	ca	l y	ears 202	3 and 2022.																		
																									
	The following	t	a	bl	e s	ummariz	es the cumulativ	e	gr	oss	un	realized g	ains a	nd cu	mulative gr	oss u	n	realized	lo	sses a	nd	imp	airm	ents re	lated
	to non-	m	a	rk	eta	ble	equity sec	ur	iti	es		accounte	d	for	under			the		measur	em	ent		alterna	tive:
																						Jan	28, 2	024	
																									
																						(In	millio	ns)	
	Cumulative g	r	os	s	un	realized	gains													$				2	70
	Cumulative g	r	os	s	un	realized	losses and impa	irm	e	nts															(45)
																									
	Note 10 - B	a	la	n	ce	Sheet	Components																		
																									
	Two custome	r	s	ac	co	unted fo	r 24% and 11%	of	o	ur a	cc	ounts recei	vable	balan	ce as of Ja	nuar	y	28, 202	4.	Two c	usto	mer	s ac	counte	d for
	14% and 11%		of	o	ur	account	s receivable bala	nc	e	as	of J	anuary 29	, 2023	.											
																									
	Certain balan	c	e	sh	e	et compo	nents are as foll	ow	s:																
																		Jan 2	8,	2024		Jan	29,	2023	
																									
																				(In m	illio	ns)			
																									
	Inventories	(1	):																						
																									
	Raw materia	ls																$		1,719	$			2,430	
	Work in-proc	e	ss																	1,505				466	
	Finished goo	d	s																	2,058				2,263	
	Total inv	e	nt	or	ie	s												$		5,282	$			5,159	
																									
	(1) In fiscal year	s 2	0	24	an	d 2023, we	recorded an inventor	y p	rov	isio	n of	$774 million a	nd $1.0	billion,	respectively, i	n cost	of	revenue.							
																									
													68												
																									
htt	ps://www.sec.g	o	v/	Arc	hi	ves/edgar	/data/1045810/000	10	45	810	24	000029/nvda	-2024	0128.h	tm										100/118


Table 39: financial_page_101_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:58	P	M																	nv	da-20240128											
																																	
	Table	of C	o	nte	nt	s																											
															NVI	DI	A	Cor	porati	on an	d	Subsidiaries											
												N	ot	es	to	th	e	Con	solida	ted F	in	ancial Statemen	ts										
																			(Con	tinue	d)												
																																	
																														Est	ima	te	d
																						Jan 28,	20	24		Jan 29,	2023			Use	ful	Lif	e
																																	
																							(	In mill	io	ns)				(In	yea	rs	)
	Prop	erty	a	n	d E	qu	ip	ment	:																								
	Land																					$	2	18	$		218				(A)		
	Build	ings	, l	ea	se	hol	d	impro	vements,	an	d f	urn	itu	re									1,8	16			1,598				(B)		
	Equi	pme	nt	, c	om	pu	te	hard	ware, and	so	ftw	ar	e										5,2	00			4,303				3-7		
	Con	struct	io	n	in	pro	ce	ss															1	89			382				(C)		
		Total	p	ro	pe	rty	an	d equ	ipment, g	ro	ss												7,4	23			6,501						
	Accu	mula	t	ed	d	epr	ec	iation	and amor	tiz	ati	on										(	3,5	09)		(	2,694)						
		Total	p	ro	pe	rty	an	d equ	ipment, n	et												$	3,9	14	$		3,807						
																																	
	(A)	Land i	s	a n	on-	depr	ec	iable a	sset.																								
	(B)	The e	sti	ma	ted	use	fu	l lives o	f our buildin	gs	are	up	to	thi	rty y	ear	s.	Leas	ehold im	provem	en	ts and finance lease	s ar	e amor	tiz	ed based o	n the les	ser	of	eith	er th	e a	sset’s
		estima	te	d u	sef	ul lif	e	or the e	xpected rem	aini	ng	leas	e t	erm	.																		
																																	
	(C)	Constr	u	ctio	n i	n pro	ce	ss repr	esents asset	s th	at	are	not	av	aila	ble	fo	r their	intende	d use a	s o	f the balance sheet d	ate.										
																																	
	Depr	eciat	io	n	ex	pen	s	e for fi	scal year	s 2	02	4,	20	23	, an	d	2	022	was $8	94 m	illi	on, $844 million,	an	d $61	1	million, r	espectiv	el	y.				
																																	
	Accu	mula	t	ed	a	mor	tiz	ation	of leaseh	old	im	pr	ov	em	en	ts	a	nd fin	ance	lease	s	was $400 million	an	d $32	7	million a	s of Jan	ua	ry	28	, 20	24	and
	Janu	ary 2	9	, 2	02	3,	re	specti	vely.																								
																																	
	Prop	erty,	e	qu	ip	me	nt	and	intangible	a	ss	ets	a	cq	uire	d	b	y as	sumin	g rela	te	d liabilities durin	g	fiscal	y	ears 202	4, 202	3,	a	nd	202	2	were
	$170	milli	o	n,	$3	74	m	illion,	and $258	mi	llio	n,	re	sp	ecti	ve	ly	.															
																																	
																									J	an 28, 2	024		J	an	29,	20	23
																																	
	Othe	r as	s	ets	:																						(In mill	ion	s	)			
	Prep	aid s	u	pp	ly	and	c	apaci	ty agreem	en	ts	(1)												$			2,458	$				2,	989
	Inve	stme	nt	s i	n	non	-a	ffiliate	d entities																		1,546						299
	Prep	aid r	o	yal	tie	s																					364						387
	Othe	r																									132						145
		Total	o	th	er	ass	e	ts																$			4,500	$				3,	820
																																	
	(1)	As of	Ja	nu	ary	28,	20	24 and	January 29	, 20	23	, the	re	wa	s an	a	dd	itional	$2.5 bi	llion an	d	$458 million of short-t	erm	prepai	d	supply and	capacity	agr	ee	me	nts in	clu	ded in
		Prepai	d	ex	pen	ses	an	d other	current asse	ts,	res	pect	ive	ly.																			
																																	
																				69													
																																	
htt	ps://w	ww.s	ec	.g	ov/	Arc	hiv	es/ed	gar/data/10	45	810	/00	01	04	581	02	4	00002	9/nvda	-2024	01	28.htm											101/118


Table 40: financial_page_102_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:58 PM														nv	da-2	024	0128												
																															
	Table	of Conte	nts																												
										N	VIDIA	Co	rporati	o	n a	nd	Su	bsid	iaries												
									N	otes t	o the	Co	nsolida	t	ed	Fin	anc	ial	Stateme	nt	s										
													(Con	ti	nue	d)															
																															
																							Ja	n 28, 2	024		Jan	29	,	20	23
																															
																									(In mill	ion	s)				
	Accr	ued and	Oth	er Cu	rrent	Li	abilitie	s:																							
	Cust	omer pro	gram	accr	uals																	$			2,081	$				1,	196
	Exce	ss inven	tory	purcha	se o	blig	ations	(1	)																1,655						954
	Defe	rred rev	enue	(2)																					764						354
	Accr	ued payr	oll a	nd rela	ted e	xp	enses																		675						530
	Prod	uct warr	anty	and re	turn	pro	visions																		415						108
	Taxe	s payabl	e																						296						467
	Oper	ating lea	ses																						228						176
	Unse	ttled sh	are re	purch	ases																				187						117
	Licen	ses and	roya	lties																					182						149
	Othe	r																							199						69
		Total acc	rued	and o	ther	cur	rent lia	bil	ities													$			6,682	$				4,	120
																															
	(1) I	n fiscal yea	rs 20	24 and 2	023,	we r	ecorded	an	expe	nse of	approxi	mat	ely $1.4 bi	lli	on a	nd	$1.1	billion	, respectiv	ely	, in	cost	of re	venue fo	r inventory	pu	rchas	e o	bli	gati	ons in
	e	xcess of o	ur curr	ent dem	and p	roje	ctions, s	upp	lier	charges	and for	pe	nalties rel	at	ed to	can	cell	ations	and under	uti	lizat	ion.									
																															
	(2)	Deferred re	venue	primari	ly incl	udes	custom	er	adva	nces a	nd defe	rral	s related t	o	supp	ort	for h	ardw	are and sof	tw	are,	licen	se a	nd deve	lopment ar	ra	ngem	ents	, a	nd	cloud
	s	ervices. $2	33 mi	llion and	$35	millio	n of the	bal	ance	in fisc	al 2024	and	2023 res	pe	ctiv	ely, r	elat	ed to	customer a	dv	ance	s.									
																							J	an 28,	2024		Jan	29	,	20	23
																															
																									(In mil	lio	ns)				
	Othe	r Long-	Term	Liabi	lities	:																									
	Inco	me tax p	ayab	le (1)																			$		1,361	$				1,	204
	Defe	rred inco	me t	ax																					462						247
	Defe	rred rev	enue	(2)																					573						218
	Licen	ses pay	able																						80						181
	Othe	r																							65						63
		Total oth	er lo	ng-ter	m liab	iliti	es																$		2,541	$				1,	913
																															
	(1) I	ncome tax	payab	le is co	mprise	d of	the long	-ter	m p	ortion o	f the on	e-ti	me transiti	on	tax	pay	able	, unre	cognized ta	x	ben	efits,	and	related i	nterest and	p	enalti	es.			
																															
	(2)	Deferred re	venue	primaril	y inclu	des	deferral	s re	late	d to sup	port for	har	dware an	d	softw	are	.														
																															
	Defe	rred R	even	ue																											
																															
	The f	ollowing	table	show	s the	ch	anges	in	def	erred	reven	ue	during f	is	cal	ye	ars	202	4 and 20	2	3.										
																															
																							Ja	n 28, 2	024		Jan	29	,	20	23
																															
																									(In mill	ion	s)				
	Bala	nce at b	eginn	ing of	perio	d																$			572	$					502
	Defe	rred rev	enue	additi	ons d	uri	ng the	pe	riod																2,038						830
	Reve	nue rec	ogniz	ed du	ring t	he	period																	(	1,273)					(	760)
	Bala	nce at e	nd of	period																		$			1,337	$					572
																															
	Reve	nue rec	ogniz	ed du	ring f	isc	al yea	r 2	024	that	was in	clu	ded in	d	efer	red	re	venu	e as of	Ja	nu	ary	29,	2023	was $33	8	millio	n.	R	ev	enue
	recog	nized d	uring	fiscal	year	20	23 that	w	as i	nclud	ed in d	ef	erred re	ve	nu	e a	s of	Jan	uary 30,	2	022	wa	s $	282 mi	llion.						
																															
	Reve	nue rela	ted t	o rem	ainin	g p	erform	an	ce	obliga	tions	rep	resents	t	he	co	ntra	cted	license	a	nd	dev	elop	ment	arrange	me	nts	an	d	su	pport
	for ha	rdware	and	softwa	re. T	his	includ	es	def	erred	reven	ue	currentl	y	rec	ord	ed	and	amounts	th	at	will	be								
																															
														7	0																
																															
htt	ps://w	ww.sec.g	ov/Arc	hives/	edgar	/dat	a/1045	81	0/00	01045	81024	000	029/nvda	-	202	401	28.h	tm													102/118


Table 41: financial_page_103_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:58 PM																	nv	da-202	4	012	8								
																															
	Table	of Contents																													
											N	VI	DI	A	Co	rporati	on a	n	d	Subsi	d	iar	ies								
											Notes	to t	h	e	Co	nsolida	ted	F	in	ancial		Sta	te	me	nt	s					
																(Con	tinu	e	d)												
																															
	invoi	ced in future	pe	ri	ods	. R	ev	en	ue	allo	cated to	rem	ai	ni	ng	perform	anc	e	o	bligati	o	ns,	wh	ich	in	clude	s defe	rred reve	nue and am	ounts	that
	will b	e invoiced	an	d	rec	og	niz	ed	a	s re	venue in	fut	ur	e	pe	riods,	was	$	1.	1 billi	o	n a	s	of	Ja	nuary	28,	2024. We	expect to	recog	nize
	appro	ximately 40	%	o	f th	is	re	ve	nu	e ov	er the n	ext	t	we	lve	month	s a	n	d	the re	m	ai	nde	r t	he	reafte	r. Thi	s exclud	es revenue	relate	d to
	perfo	rmance obli	gat	ion	s f	or	con	tr	act	s wi	th a lengt	h of	o	ne	y	ear or le	ss.														
																															
	Note	11 - Deriv	ati	v	e F	in	an	cia	l I	nst	ruments																				
																															
	We e	nter into for	eig	n	cur	ren	cy	fo	rw	ard	contracts	to	mi	tig	at	e the im	pac	t	of	foreig	n	cu	rre	nc	y e	xchan	ge ra	te movem	ents on our	oper	ating
	expe	nses. These	co	nt	rac	ts	are	d	es	igna	ted as ca	sh	fl	ow	he	dges f	or h	ed	g	e acco	u	nti	ng	tre	at	ment.	Gains	or losse	s on the con	tract	s are
	recor	ded in acc	um	ula	ted	o	the	r	co	mpr	ehensive	inc	o	me	o	r loss	and	r	ec	lassifi	e	d t	o	ope	ra	ting e	xpen	se when	the related	oper	ating
	expe	nses are rec	og	niz	ed	in	ea	rni	ng	s or	ineffectiv	ene	ss	s	ho	uld occ	ur.														
																															
	We a	lso enter in	to f	or	eig	n	cur	ren	cy	for	ward con	trac	ts	t	o m	itigate	the	i	mp	act of	f	ore	ign	c	urr	ency	move	ments on	monetary a	ssets	and
	liabili	ties that ar	e d	en	om	in	ate	d	in	curr	encies o	ther		th	an	the U.	S. d	o	lla	r. The	s	e f	orw	ar	d	contra	cts w	ere not	designated f	or h	edge
	acco	unting treat	men	t.	Th	er	efor	e,	th	e c	hange in	fair	v	al	ue	of thes	e c	on	tr	acts is		rec	ord	ed	in	othe	r inco	me or ex	pense and o	ffset	s the
	chan	ge in fair val	ue	of	th	e h	ed	ge	d f	orei	gn curren	cy d	e	no	mi	nated m	on	et	ar	y asse	ts	a	nd l	iab	ilit	ies, w	hich i	s also rec	orded in oth	er inc	ome
	or ex	pense.																													
																															
	The t	able below	pre	se	nts	th	e n	oti	on	al va	lue of ou	r for	e	ig	n c	urrency	for	wa	rd	contr	a	cts	ou	tst	an	ding:					
																															
																											Jan	28, 202	4 Jan 2	9, 20	23
																															
																												(I	n millions)		
	Desi	gnated as ca	sh	fl	ow	he	dge	s																			$	1,1	68 $	1,	128
	Non-	designated	hed	g	es																						$	5	97 $		366
																															
	The	unrealized g	ain	s	and	lo	ss	es	or	fair	value of	our	f	ore	ig	n curren	cy	fo	rw	ard co	n	tra	cts	w	as	not si	gnific	ant as of	January 28,	2024	and
	Janu	ary 29, 2023	.																												
																															
	As of	January 28	, 2	02	4,	all	de	sig	na	ted	foreign c	urre	n	cy	fo	rward c	ont	ra	ct	s matu	r	e w	ith	in	18	mont	hs. T	he expect	ed realized	gains	and
	losse	s deferred i	nto	a	cc	um	ula	te	d o	the	r compre	hen	si	ve	in	come o	r lo	ss	r	elated		to	for	eig	n	curren	cy for	ward co	ntracts within	the	next
	twelv	e months w	as	no	t si	gni	fica	nt	.																						
																															
	Durin	g fiscal yea	rs	20	24	an	d 2	0	23,	the	impact o	f d	eri	va	tiv	e finan	cial	in	str	umen	ts	d	esig	na	te	d for	hedge	accounti	ng treatmen	t on	other
	comp	rehensive in	co	m	e or	lo	ss	wa	s	not	significant	an	d	all	su	ch instr	um	en	ts	were	d	ete	rmi	ne	d t	o be h	ighly	effective.			
																															
																	71														
																															
htt	ps://w	ww.sec.gov/A	rchi	ve	s/e	dga	r/d	ata	/10	458	10/000104	581	02	40	00	029/nvda	-20	24	01	28.htm											103/118


Table 42: financial_page_105_table_001.csv

7/25,	1:58	PM																nvda	-202	4012	8										
																															
Table	of C	ontents																													
											N	VID	IA	Corp	ora	ti	on an	d S	ubsi	diar	ies										
									N	ot	es	to th	e	Cons	oli	da	ted F	inan	cial	Sta	tements										
															(C	on	tinued	)													
																															
Total	futur	e purch	ase	comm	itm	ent	s	as	of Ja	nua	ry	28,	2	024 are	as	f	ollows	:													
																															
																											Co	m	mitmen	ts	
																											(I	n	millions	)	
Fisc	al Ye	ar:																													
2025																									$					17,	316
2026																														1,	143
2027																														1,	060
2028																															770
2029	and	thereaf	ter																												418
To	tal																								$					20,	707
																															
Accr	ual f	or Prod	uct	Warra	nty	Li	a	bi	lities																						
The	estim	ated a	mou	nt of p	rod	uct		wa	rranty	lia	bili	ties	w	as $30	6	mi	llion a	nd	$82	milli	on as of Jan	uary	28,	202	4	and	J	an	uary 2	9, 2	023,
respe	ctiv	ely. The	esti	mated	pro	du	ct	re	turns	and	e	stim	at	ed pro	duc	t	warra	nty a	ctivi	ty c	onsisted of th	e fol	lowin	g:							
																															
																						Yea	r En	ded							
																															
																			Jan	28,	2024	Jan	29, 2	02	3			J	an 30,	202	2
																						(In m	illion	s)							
Bala	nce	at begin	ning	of per	iod													$			82 $				46		$				22
Addit	ions																				278				145						40
Utiliz	ation																				(54)			(1	09)						(16)
B	alanc	e at en	d of	period														$			306 $				82		$				46
																															
In fis	cal y	ears 20	24 a	nd 202	3, t	he	a	d	ditions	in	pro	duc	t	warrant	y li	ab	ilities	pri	marily	rel	ated to Comp	ute	& Ne	two	rkin	g	se	gm	ent.		
																															
We	have	provid	ed i	ndemn	itie	s f	or		matters	s	uc	h as		tax, pr	od	uc	t, and	e	mplo	yee	liabilities. W	e ha	ve i	ncl	ude	d i	nt	ell	ectual	pro	perty
inde	mnific	ation p	rov	isions i	n o	ur	t	ec	hnolog	y-	rel	ated	a	greem	en	ts	with	thir	d pa	rties	. Maximum	pote	ntial	fut	ure	p	ay	me	nts ca	nno	t be
estim	ated	becau	se	many o	f t	he	se	a	greem	en	ts	do	no	t have	a		maxim	um	stat	ed l	iability. We h	ave	not	rec	ord	ed	a	ny	liabilit	y in	our
Cons	olida	ted Fin	anc	ial Stat	eme	nt	s	fo	r such	ind	em	nifi	ca	tions.																	
																															
Litig	ation																														
																															
Secu	ritie	s Class	Ac	tion an	d D	er	iv	at	ive La	ws	ui	ts																			
																															
The	plain	tiffs in t	he	putative	se	cu	ri	tie	s clas	s a	cti	on l	aw	suit, c	apt	io	ned 4	:18-	cv-0	766	9-HSG, initia	lly fil	ed o	n D	ec	em	be	r	21, 201	8 i	n the
Unite	d St	ates Di	stric	t Cour	t fo	r t	he		Northe	rn	Di	strict	o	f Calif	orn	ia	, and	title	d In	Re	NVIDIA Cor	pora	tion	Se	curi	tie	s L	iti	gation,	file	d an
amen	ded	compla	int	on Ma	y 13	,	20	2	0. The	a	me	nded		compla	int	a	sserte	d th	at N	VID	IA and certai	n N	VIDIA	ex	ec	utiv	es	v	iolated	Se	ction
10(b)	of t	he Sec	uriti	es Exc	han	ge	A	ct	of 19	34,	as	am	e	nded,	or t	h	e Exc	han	ge A	ct, a	nd SEC Rul	e 10	b-5,	by	ma	kin	g	ma	terially	fals	e or
misle	adin	g state	men	ts relat	ed	to	c	ha	nnel in	ve	nto	ry a	n	d the i	mp	ac	t of c	rypt	ocur	renc	y mining on	GPU	de	man	d b	et	we	en	May 1	0,	2017
and	Nove	mber 1	4, 2	018. Pl	aint	iffs		als	o alleg	ed	th	at th	e	NVIDI	A e	x	ecutiv	es w	ho t	hey	named as de	fend	ants	vio	lat	ed	Se	cti	on 20(	a) o	f the
Exch	ange	Act. Pl	aint	iffs sou	ght	cl	a	ss	certific	ati	on	, an	a	ward o	f u	ns	pecifi	ed	comp	ens	atory damag	es, a	n aw	ar	d of	re	as	on	able c	osts	and
expe	nses	, includ	ing	attorne	ys’	fe	es	a	nd exp	er	t fe	es,	a	nd furth	er	r	elief a	s th	e Co	urt	may deem ju	st a	nd pr	op	er.	On	M	ar	ch 2, 2	021	, the
distri	ct co	urt gran	ted	NVIDI	A’s	mo	ti	on	to dis	mis	s	the c	o	mplain	t w	ith	out le	ave	to a	men	d, entered ju	dgm	ent i	n fa	vor	of	N	VI	DIA an	d cl	osed
the c	ase.	On Ma	rch	30, 20	21,	pla	in	tif	fs filed	a	n a	ppe	al	from j	ud	gm	ent in	th	e Un	ited	States Court	of A	ppe	als	for	the	N	in	th Circ	uit,	case
numb	er 2	1-1560	4. O	n Augu	st	25,	2	0	23, a	maj	ori	ty of	a	three-	jud	g	e Nint	h C	ircuit	pa	nel affirmed i	n pa	rt an	d r	eve	rse	d	in	part th	e di	strict
court	’s di	smissal	of	the cas	e,	wit	h	a	third j	ud	ge	diss	e	nting o	n t	h	e basi	s th	at th	e d	istrict court d	id n	ot er	r in	dis	mi	ss	in	g the c	ase	. On
Nove	mbe	r 15, 2	023,	the Ni	nth	C	ir	cu	it deni	ed	NV	IDI	A’s	petiti	on	fo	r rehe	arin	g en	ba	nc of the Nin	th C	ircui	t pa	nel	’s	m	ajo	rity de	cisio	n to
rever	se in	part th	e d	ismissa	l of	th	e	c	ase, w	hic	h	NVID	I	A had f	ile	d	on Oc	tobe	r 10	, 20	23. On Nove	mbe	r 21,	20	23,	N	VI	DIA	filed a	m	otion
with t	he N	inth Cir	cuit	for a s	tay	of	th	e	manda	te	pe	ndin	g	NVIDI	A’s	p	etition	for	a wri	t of	certiorari in th	e S	upre	me	Co	urt	of	th	e Unite	d S	tates
and t	he S	upreme	Co	urt’s																											
																															
																	73														
																															
ps://w	ww.s	ec.gov/A	rchiv	es/edga	r/da	ta/	1	04	5810/00	01	04	5810	24	000029	/nv	da	-2024	0128	.htm												105/118


Table 43: financial_page_108_table_001.csv

7/25,	1:58 PM					n	vda-2024	0	12	8										
																				
Table	of Con	tents																		
					NVIDIA	Corporation an	d Subsid	ia	ri	es										
			N	otes	to the	Consolidated Fi	nancial	St	at	em	en	ts								
						(Continued	)													
																				
The t	ax effe	ct of temporary	differences that	gives	rise to	significant portio	ns of the	d	efe	rre	d t	ax	ass	ets	and	lia	bilities are	pre	sented be	low:
															Jan	28	, 2024	J	an 29, 20	23
																				
																	(In mill	ion	s)	
Defe	rred ta	x assets:																		
C	apitaliz	ed research an	d development ex	pen	diture									$			3,376	$	1,	859
GI	LTI de	ferred tax asset	s														1,576			800
Ac	cruals	and reserves,	not currently dedu	ctib	le for ta	x purposes											1,121			686
R	esearc	h and other tax	credit carryforwa	rds													936			951
N	et oper	ating loss and c	apital loss carryf	orwa	rds												439			409
O	peratin	g lease liabilitie	s														263			193
St	ock-ba	sed compensat	ion														106			99
Pr	operty,	equipment and	intangible asset	s													4			66
Ot	her de	ferred tax asse	ts														179			91
Gros	s defer	red tax assets															8,000		5,	154
Less	valuat	ion allowance															(1,552)		(1,	484)
Total	deferr	ed tax assets															6,448		3,	670
Defe	rred ta	x liabilities:																		
U	nremitt	ed earnings of f	oreign subsidiari	es													(502)		(	228)
O	peratin	g lease assets															(255)		(	179)
Ac	quired	intangibles															(74)		(	115)
Gros	s defer	red tax liabilitie	s														(831)		(	522)
Net d	eferre	d tax asset (1)												$			5,617	$	3,	148
																				
(1) Ne	t defer	red tax asset incl	udes long-term def	erred	tax ass	ets of $6.1 billion a	nd $3.4 b	illi	on	an	d lo	ng-	term	de	ferr	ed ta	x liabilities	of	$462 millio	n and
$247	million f	or fiscal years 2	024 and 2023, resp	ectiv	ely. Long	-term deferred tax	liabilities	ar	e i	ncl	ude	d in	oth	er l	ong-	term	liabilities o	n o	ur Consoli	dated
Balan	ce She	ets.																		
																				
As o	f Janu	ary 28, 2024,	we intend to ind	efin	itely rei	nvest approximat	ely $1.1		bill	ion	a	nd	$25	0	milli	on	of cumula	tive	undistrib	uted
earni	ngs he	ld by certain su	bsidiaries in Isra	el an	d the U	nited Kingdom, r	espectiv	ely	.	We	ha	ve	not	pr	ovid	ed t	he amoun	t of	unrecogn	ized
defer	red tax	liabilities for te	mporary differenc	es r	elated t	o these investme	nts as th	e	de	ter	min	ati	on	of s	uch	am	ount is not	pr	acticable.	
																				
As of	Janu	ary 28, 2024 a	nd January 29, 2	023	, we ha	d a valuation allo	wance	of	$	1.6	bil	lion	an	d	$1.5	bill	ion, respe	ctiv	ely, relate	d to
capit	al loss	carryforwards,	and certain state	and	other de	ferred tax assets	that ma	n	ag	em	en	t de	ter	min	ed	are	not likely t	o b	e realized	due,
in pa	rt, to ju	risdictional pro	jections of future	taxa	ble inco	me, including ca	pital gai	ns	.	To	the	ex	ten	t re	aliz	atio	n of the de	fer	red tax as	sets
beco	mes m	ore-likely-than-	not, we would rec	ogni	ze such	deferred tax ass	ets as in	co	m	e t	ax	ben	efit	s d	urin	g th	e period.			
																				
As o	f Janu	ary 28, 2024,	we had U.S. fed	eral,	state a	nd foreign net o	perating	lo	s	s c	arr	yfo	rwa	rds	of	$31	5 million,	$3	42 million	and
$361	million	, respectively.	The federal and	sta	te carryf	orwards will beg	in to ex	pi	re	in	fis	cal	ye	ars	202	6 a	nd 2025,	res	pectively.	The
foreig	n net	operating loss	carryforwards of	$36	1 millio	n may be carried	forward	i	nd	efi	nite	ly.	As	of	Jan	uar	y 28, 2024	, w	e had fe	deral
resea	rch ta	x credit carryfor	wards of $31 mill	ion,	before t	he impact of unc	ertain ta	x	po	siti	on	s, t	hat	will	beg	in t	o expire in	fis	cal year 2	025.
We h	ave st	ate research ta	x credit carryforw	ards	of $1.6	billion, before th	e impact	o	f u	nc	ert	ain	tax	po	sitio	ns.	$1.5 billio	n is	attributab	le to
the S	tate of	California and	may be carried o	ver	indefinit	ely and $75 millio	n is attri	b	uta	bl	e to	va	rio	us o	the	r sta	tes and w	ill b	egin to e	xpire
in fis	cal yea	r 2025. As of J	anuary 28, 2024,	we	had fede	ral capital loss c	arryforwa	rd	s	of	$1.	4 b	illio	n th	at	will	begin to ex	pir	e in fiscal	year
2025	.																			
																				
Our t	ax attri	butes remain s	ubject to audit an	d m	ay be ad	justed for chang	es or mo	di	fic	ati	on	in t	ax l	aw	s, ot	her	authoritati	ve	interpreta	tions
there	of, or	other facts and	circumstances. U	tiliz	ation of	tax attributes ma	y also b	e	su	bje	ct	to l	imit	atio	ns	due	to owner	ship	changes	and
other	limitat	ions provided b	y the Internal Re	venu	e Code	and similar state	and fore	ig	n	tax	pr	ovi	sion	s. I	f an	y su	ch limitati	ons	apply, th	e tax
attrib	utes m	ay expire or be	denied before uti	lizat	ion.															
																				
						76														
																				
ps://w	ww.sec.	gov/Archives/edg	ar/data/1045810/00	010	4581024	000029/nvda-20240	128.htm													108/118


Table 44: financial_page_109_table_001.csv

7/25, 1:58 PM									nv	da-20240128												
																						
Table of Content	s																					
				N	VI	DIA	Corp	oration an	d	Subsidiaries												
				Notes	to	the	Cons	olidated F	in	ancial Statem	en	ts										
								(Continue	d)													
																						
A reconciliation	of gross unre	cognized ta	x	benefit	s is	as f	ollow	s:														
																						
										Jan 2	8,	2024		Ja	n	29, 2	023		Ja	n 30,	20	22
																						
														(I	n	millio	ns)					
Balance at begi	nning of perio	d								$		1,238	$				1,013	$				776
Increases in tax	positions for	current yea	r									616					268					246
Increases in tax	positions for	prior years										87					1					14
Decreases in ta	x positions fo	r prior year	s									(148)					(15	)				(4)
Settlements												(104)					(9	)				(8)
Lapse in statute	of limitations											(19)					(20	)				(11)
Balance at end	of period									$		1,670	$				1,238	$			1,	013
																						
Included in the b	alance of un	recognized	ta	x bene	fits	as o	f Jan	uary 28, 2	02	4 are $1.0 bill	ion	of tax	be	nefi	ts	that	wou	ld aff	ec	t our e	ffe	ctive
tax rate if recog	nized.																					
																						
We classify an u	nrecognized	tax benefit	as	a curr	ent	liab	ility, o	r amount r	ef	undable, to th	e e	xtent t	hat	we	an	ticip	ate	paym	en	t or re	cei	pt of
cash for income	taxes within	one year.	Th	e amo	unt	is c	lassifi	ed as a lo	ng	-term liability,	or	reduc	tion	of	lo	ng-t	erm a	mou	nt	refund	ab	le, if
we anticipate pa	yment or rec	eipt of cash	fo	r incom	e	taxe	s duri	ng a perio	d b	eyond a year	.											
																						
We include inte	rest and pen	alties relat	ed	to unr	ec	ogni	zed ta	x benefits	a	s a compone	nt	of inc	ome	ta	x	exp	ense.	We	re	cogniz	ed	net
interest and pen	alties related	to unreco	gni	zed ta	x b	enef	its in	the incom	e t	ax expense li	ne	of our	co	nso	lid	ated	stat	emen	ts	of inc	om	e of
$42 million, $33	million, and	$14 million	du	ring fis	ca	l yea	rs 20	24, 2023 a	n	d 2022, respe	ctiv	ely. A	s of	Ja	nu	ary	28, 2	024 a	n	d Janu	ar	y 29,
2023, we have	accrued $140	million an	d $	95 mill	ion	, res	pecti	vely, for th	e	payment of in	tere	st and	pe	nal	tie	s re	lated	to u	nr	ecogni	ze	d tax
benefits, which i	s not include	d as a com	po	nent of	ou	r gro	ss un	recognize	d t	ax benefits.												
																						
While we believ	e that we ha	ve adequat	el	y provi	de	d for	all ta	x positions	,	amounts asse	rte	d by t	ax	aut	hor	ities	cou	ld be	g	reater	or	less
than our accrue	d position. Ac	cordingly,	ou	r provis	io	ns on	fede	ral, state a	n	d foreign tax-r	ela	ted m	atte	rs t	o	be r	ecord	ed in	t	he futu	re	may
change as revis	ed estimates	are made	or	the und	erl	ying	matte	rs are set	tle	d or otherwis	e re	solved	. A	s of	J	anu	ary 2	8, 20	24	, we h	av	e not
identified any po	sitions for wh	ich it is rea	so	nably	pos	sible	that	the total a	m	ounts of unrec	og	nized t	ax b	en	efi	ts w	ill sig	nifica	nt	ly incre	a	se or
decrease within	the next twel	ve months.																				
																						
We are subject	to taxation by	taxing aut	ho	rities b	oth	in th	e Un	ited States	a	nd other coun	trie	s. As	of J	anu	ar	y 28	, 202	4, th	e	signific	an	t tax
jurisdictions that	may be subj	ect to exa	min	ation i	ncl	ude	the U	nited Stat	es	for fiscal yea	rs a	fter 2	020,	as	w	ell a	s Ch	ina,	G	ermany	,	Hong
Kong, India, Isr	ael, Taiwan,	and the Un	ite	d King	do	m fo	r fisc	al years 2	00	5 through 20	23.	As of	Ja	nua	ry	28,	202	4, th	e	signific	an	t tax
jurisdictions for	which we are	currently u	nd	er exa	min	ation	inclu	de Germa	ny	, India, Israel,	an	d Taiw	an	for	fis	cal y	ears	2005	t	hrough	2	023.
																						
Note 15 - Sha	reholders’	Equity																				
																						
Capital Return	Program																					
In August 2023,	our Board o	f Directors	a	pprove	d a	n in	creas	e to our sh	a	re repurchase	pr	ogram	of	an	a	dditi	onal	$25.0	b	illion,	wit	hout
expiration. Durin	g fiscal year	2024, we r	ep	urchas	ed	21	million	shares of	o	ur common s	toc	k for $	9.7	bill	ion	. As	of J	anua	ry	28, 20	24	, we
were authorized	, subject to	certain sp	eci	fication	s,	to r	epurc	hase addi	tio	nal shares o	f o	ur com	mo	n	sto	ck	up to	$22	.5	billion	.	From
January 29, 202	4 through Fe	bruary 16,	20	24, we	re	purc	hased	2.8 millio	n	shares for $1.	9 b	illion p	urs	uan	t t	o a	Rule	10b5	-1	tradin	g	plan.
Our share repur	chase progra	m aims to o	ff	set dilu	tio	n fro	m sha	res issued	to	employees.	We	may p	urs	ue	ad	ditio	nal s	hare	re	purcha	se	s as
we weigh marke	t factors and	other inves	tm	ent op	por	tunit	ies.															
																						
During fiscal ye	ars 2024, 202	3, and 20	22,	we pa	id	$39	5 milli	on, $398	mil	lion, and $39	9 m	illion i	n c	ash	d	ivid	ends	to ou	r	shareh	ol	ders,
respectively. Ou	r cash divide	nd progra	m	and th	e p	aym	ent o	f future c	as	h dividends u	nd	er that	pro	gr	am	are	sub	ject t	o	our B	oa	rd of
Directors' contin	uing determin	ation that t	he	divide	nd	prog	ram	and the de	cl	aration of divi	den	ds the	reu	nde	r	are i	n the	best	in	terests	o	f our
shareholders.																						
																						
In fiscal year 20	22, we retire	d our exist	ing	349	mill	ion t	reasu	ry shares.	T	hese shares	ass	umed	the	sta	tu	s of	auth	orize	d	and un	is	sued
shares upon ret	irement. The	excess of	re	purcha	se	pric	e ove	r par value		was allocated	be	tween	add	itio	na	l pa	id-in	capit	al	and r	eta	ined
earnings, result	ing in a red	uction in a	d	ditional	p	aid-in	cap	ital by $2	0	million and r	eta	ined	earn	ing	s	by	$12.	0 bill	io	n. Any	f	uture
repurchased sh	ares will assu	me the stat	us	of aut	hor	ized	and u	nissued s	ha	res.												
																						
								77														
																						
ps://www.sec.gov/	Archives/edgar/	data/104581	0/	000104	581	0240	00029	/nvda-2024	01	28.htm												109/118


Table 45: financial_page_111_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25, 1:58 PM												nv	da-20240128											
																									
	Table of Conten	ts																							
									NVI	DIA	Cor	pora	tion and	Subsidiaries											
							No	tes	to	the	Con	soli	dated Fin	ancial Statem	en	ts									
												(C	ontinued)												
																									
	Note 16 - Em	pl	oye	e	Retire	ment Pl	ans																		
																									
	We provide ta	x-q	ualif	ie	d defi	ned contri	butio	n p	lan	s to	eligi	ble	employe	es in the U.S	. an	d	certain	other	c	ountries.		Our	con	trib	ution
	expense for fis	cal	yea	rs	2024,	2023, and	202	2 w	as	$255	milli	on,	$227 milli	on, and $168	milli	on,	respect	ively.							
																									
	Note 17 - Se	gm	ent	In	form	ation																			
																									
	Our Chief Exe	cut	ive	Of	ficer,	who is co	nsid	ered	to	be	our	chi	ef operati	ng decision	mak	er,	or COD	M, re	v	iews fina	n	cial	info	rm	ation
	presented on a	n o	pera	ti	ng seg	ment basi	s for	pur	pos	es o	f ma	king	decision	s and assessi	ng fi	nan	cial per	forma	n	ce.					
																									
	The Compute	&	Net	wo	rking	segment	inclu	des	o	ur D	ata	Cen	ter accel	erated compu	ting	pl	atform;	netw	or	king; au	to	mo	tive	arti	ficial
	intelligence, or	AI,	Coc	k	pit, aut	onomous	drivi	ng d	ev	elop	ment	agr	eements,	and autonom	ous	ve	hicle sol	utions	;	electric v	e	hicl	e co	mp	uting
	platforms; Jets	on	for r	ob	otics a	nd other e	mbe	dde	d p	latfo	rms;	NV	IDIA AI E	nterprise and o	the	r so	ftware;	and D	G	X Cloud	.				
																									
	The Graphics	se	gme	nt	inclu	des GeFo	rce	GP	Us	for	gam	ing	and PCs	, the GeForc	e N	O	W game	stre	a	ming ser	vi	ce	and	rel	ated
	infrastructure,	and	sol	uti	ons fo	r gaming	platfo	rm	s; Q	uad	ro/N	VIDI	A RTX G	PUs for enter	prise	w	orkstatio	n gra	p	hics; virtu	a	l G	PU s	oft	ware
	for cloud-base	d v	isua	l a	nd vir	tual comp	uting	; a	uto	moti	ve pl	atfo	rms for i	nfotainment sy	ste	ms;	and O	mnive	rs	e Enterp	r	ise	soft	war	e for
	building and op	era	ting	3	D inter	net applic	ation	s.																	
																									
	Operating resu	lts	by s	eg	ment	include co	sts	or e	xpe	nse	s tha	t ar	e directly	attributable to	ea	ch s	egment	, and	c	osts or e	x	pen	ses	tha	t are
	leveraged acro	ss	our	un	ified a	rchitecture	and	the	ref	ore a	lloca	ted	between	our two segm	ents	.									
																									
	The “All Other	” c	ateg	or	y incl	udes the	expe	nse	s th	at o	ur C	OD	M does	not assign to	eith	er	Comput	e &	N	etworking		or	Grap	hic	s for
	purposes of m	akin	g o	pe	rating	decisions	or as	ses	sin	g fin	anci	al p	erformanc	e. The expens	es	incl	ude sto	ck-bas	e	d compe	n	sati	on e	xpe	nse,
	corporate infra	str	uctu	re	and	support c	osts,	ac	qui	sitio	n-rel	ated	and oth	er costs, int	ellec	tua	l prope	rty re	la	ted, or	I	P-re	late	d c	osts,
	acquisition term	in	ation	c	ost, an	d other n	on-re	curr	ing	cha	rges	and	benefits	that our COD	M de	em	s to be	enterp	r	ise in nat	u	re.			
																									
	Our CODM do	es	not	r	eview	any infor	matio	n r	ega	rdin	g tot	al a	ssets on	a reportable	seg	me	nt basis	. De	pr	eciation	a	nd	amo	rtiz	ation
	expense direct	ly a	ttrib	ut	able t	o each rep	orta	ble	seg	men	t is i	nclu	ded in o	perating result	s fo	r e	ach seg	ment.	H	owever,	o	ur	COD	M	does
	not evaluate d	epr	ecia	tio	n and	amortizat	ion	expe	ns	e by	ope	rati	ng segme	nt and, theref	ore,	it	is not s	eparat	e	ly prese	nt	ed.	The	re i	s no
	intersegment r	eve	nue	. T	he ac	counting	polici	es	for	seg	ment	rep	orting ar	e the same as	for	ou	r conso	lidate	d	financial	s	tat	eme	nts.	The
	table below pre	se	nts d	et	ails of	our repor	table	seg	me	nts	and t	he “	All Other”	category.											
																									
											Com	put	e &												
											Net	work	ing	Graphics			All	Othe	r		C	on	solid	ate	d
																									
															(In	mill	ions)								
	Year Ended J	an	28, 2	0	24:																				
	Revenue									$			47,405	$ 13	,517		$			— $				60,	922
	Operating inco	me	(los	s)						$			32,016	$ 5	,846		$	(4	,	890) $				32,	972
																									
	Year Ended J	an	29, 2	0	23:																				
	Revenue									$			15,068	$ 11	,906		$			— $				26,	974
	Operating inco	me	(los	s)						$			5,083	$ 4	,552		$	(5	,	411) $				4,	224
																									
	Year Ended J	an	30, 2	0	22:																				
	Revenue									$			11,046	$ 15	,868		$			— $				26,	914
	Operating inco	me	(los	s)						$			4,598	$ 8	,492		$	(3	,	049) $				10,	041
																									
													78												
																									
htt	ps://www.sec.gov	/Ar	chive	s/	edgar/d	ata/104581	0/00	0104	581	0240	0002	9/nv	da-202401	28.htm											111/118


Table 46: financial_page_112_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25, 1:58 PM													nv	da-2024	012	8									
																										
	Table of Contents																									
							NV	IDIA	Cor	porati	on	a	n	d	Subsid	iari	es									
					No	tes	to	the	Con	solida	te	d	F	in	ancial	Sta	te	ments								
										(Con	tin	u	e	d)												
																										
																				Year En	ded					
															Jan	28,	20	24		Jan 29,	2023		Jan 3	0,	202	2
																										
																				(In millio	ns)					
	Reconciling items	inclu	ded in	"All	Other"	cat	eg	ory:																		
	Stock-based compe	nsatio	n expe	nse											$		(3	,549)	$		(2,710)	$			(2,	004)
	Unallocated cost of	reven	ue and	ope	rating e	xpe	ns	es										(728)			(595)				(	399)
	Acquisition-related	and ot	her co	sts														(583)			(674)				(	636)
	IP-related and legal	settle	ment c	osts														(40)			(23)					(10)
	Restructuring costs	and o	ther															—			(54)					—
	Acquisition terminat	ion co	st															—			(1,353)					—
	Other																	10			(2)					—
	Total														$		(4	,890)	$		(5,411)	$			(3,	049)
																										
	Revenue by geogra	phic a	reas i	s des	ignated	ba	se	d up	on th	e billi	ng	lo	c	at	ion of t	he	cu	stomer.	E	nd custo	mer locati	o	n may	be	diffe	rent
	than our customer’s	billing	locati	on. R	evenue	by	ge	ogra	phic	areas	wa	s	a	s	follows:											
																										
																				Year En	ded					
															Jan	28,	20	24		Jan 29, 2	023		Jan 3	0,	202	2
																										
	Revenue:																			(In millio	ns)					
	United States													$			26	,966	$		8,292	$			4,3	49
	Taiwan																13	,405			6,986				8,5	44
	China (including	Hong	Kong)														10	,306			5,785				7,	111
	Other countries																10	,245			5,911				6,9	10
	Total revenue													$			60	,922	$		26,974	$			26,9	14
																										
	Revenue from sales	to cu	stomer	s out	side of	the	U	nited	State	s acc	ou	nt	e	d	for 56%	, 69	%	, and 8	4%	of total r	evenue f	or	fiscal	yea	rs 2	024,
	2023, and 2022, res	pectiv	ely. Th	e inc	rease i	n re	ve	nue	to the	Unite	d	S	ta	te	s for fi	scal	ye	ar 202	4 w	as prima	rily due t	o	higher	U.S	.-b	ased
	Compute & Network	ing se	gment	dem	and.																					
																										
	Sales to one custo	mer re	prese	nted	13% of	tot	al	reve	nue f	or fisc	al	y	e	ar	2024,	whi	ch	was at	trib	utable to	the Com	p	ute &	Ne	twor	king
	segment. No custom	er re	presen	ted 1	0% or m	or	e o	f tota	l reve	nue f	or f	is	c	al	years 2	023	a	nd 2022	.							
																										
	The following table s	umm	arizes i	nfor	mation p	ert	ain	ing to	our	reven	ue	b	y	e	ach of t	he s	pe	cialized	m	arkets w	e serve:					
																										
																				Year En	ded					
															Jan	28,	20	24		Jan 29,	2023		Jan 3	0,	202	2
																										
	Revenue:																			(In millio	ns)					
	Data Center														$		47	,525	$		15,005	$			10,6	13
	Gaming																10	,447			9,067				12,4	62
	Professional Visu	alizat	ion														1	,553			1,544				2,	111
	Automotive																1	,091			903				5	66
	OEM and Other																	306			455				1,1	62
	Total revenue														$		60	,922	$		26,974	$			26,9	14
																										
											79															
																										
htt	ps://www.sec.gov/Archi	ves/ed	gar/dat	a/104	5810/00	010	458	1024	00002	9/nvda	-20	2	4	01	28.htm											112/118


Table 47: financial_page_113_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:58	PM															nv	da-20	24	0	12	8													
																																				
	Table	of C	on	tent	s																															
												NVID	IA	Cor	p	orati	on a	nd	Subs	id	i	ari	es													
										N	ote	s to t	he	Con	s	olida	ted	Fin	anci	al	S	ta	tement	s												
																(Con	tinue	d)																		
																																				
	The	follo	win	g t	able	pre	sents		summ	arized	inf	ormati	on	for	lo	ng-li	ved	ass	ets	by		co	untry.	Long-liv	e	d	as	sets		con	sist	of	pr	oper	ty	and
	equip	men	t a	nd	exclu	de	other	a	ssets,	operati	ng	lease	ass	ets,	g	ood	will, a	nd	intan	gi	b	le	assets.													
																										Ja	n	28,	2	024		Ja	n	29,	202	3
																																				
	Long	-liv	ed	ass	ets:																									(In	milli	ons	)			
	U	nited	St	ate	s																				$				2	,59	5 $				2,5	87
	Ta	iwan																												77	3				7	02
	Is	rael																												32	5				2	83
	Ot	her	co	untri	es																									22	1				2	35
	Total	long	-liv	ed	asset	s																			$				3	,91	4 $				3,8	07
																																				
																	80																			
																																				
htt	ps://w	ww.s	ec.	gov/	Archiv	es/	edgar/	d	ata/104	5810/00	010	45810	240	0002	9	/nvda	-202	401	28.ht	m																113/118


Table 48: financial_page_114_table_001.csv

9/1	7/25,	1:58	PM													n	vda-	20	24	0128																
																																				
											NVIDI	A Cor	por	ati	on	and	Su	bs	id	iaries																
										Sche	dule II	– Val	uati	on	an	d Q	ual	ify	in	g Acc	ou	nts														
																																				
											B	alan	ce a	t																						
											B	eginn	ing	of																	Bal	an	ce	a	t	
					Desc	ri	ption					Peri	od				Ad	dit	io	ns			Ded	uct	io	ns				E	nd	of	Pe	ri	od	
																																				
																				(I	n	million	s)													
	Fisc	al y	ear	2024																																
	Allo	wanc	e fo	r dou	btful	a	ccounts				$			4		$				—	(	1) $				—	(1)		$							4
	Sale	s ret	urn	allow	ance						$			26		$				213	(	2) $				(13	0)(4)		$					1	0	9
	Def	erred	tax	valu	ation	al	lowanc	e			$		1,	484		$				162	(	3) $				(9	4)(3)		$					1,5	5	2
	Fisc	al y	ear	2023																																
	Allo	wanc	e fo	r dou	btful	a	ccounts				$			4		$				—	(	1) $				—	(1)		$							4
	Sale	s ret	urn	allow	ance						$			13		$				104	(	2) $				(9	1)(4)		$						2	6
	Def	erred	tax	valu	ation	al	lowanc	e			$			907		$				577	(	3) $				—			$					1,4	8	4
	Fisc	al y	ear	2022																																
	Allo	wanc	e fo	r dou	btful	a	ccounts				$			4		$				—	(	1) $				—	(1)		$							4
	Sale	s ret	urn	allow	ance						$			17		$				19	(	2) $				(2	3)(4)		$						1	3
	Def	erred	tax	valu	ation	al	lowanc	e			$			728		$				179	(	3) $				—			$					9	0	7
																																				
(	1)	Additio	ns re	prese	nt eithe	r	expense	or	acquired	balances	and de	ductions	repr	ese	nt w	rite-	offs.																			
(	2)	Additio	ns re	prese	nt esti	ma	ted prod	uct	returns c	harged a	s a redu	ction to	reve	nue	or	an ac	quire	d b	ala	nce.																
(	3)	Additio	nal v	aluatio	n allo	wa	nce on d	efe	rred tax a	ssets no	t likely to	be rea	lized	. Ad	ditio	ns r	epres	en	t ad	ditional	va	luation	allowan	ce	on	capit	al loss	ca	rr	yfo	rwa	rds,	an	d		
		certain	stat	e and	other d	ef	erred tax	as	sets. Ded	uctions r	epresen	t the rel	ease	of v	alu	ation	allo	wan	ce	on certa	in	state de	ferred	tax	as	sets.	Refer	to	N	ote	14	of th	e	Not	es	to
	t	he Co	nsoli	dated	Financ	ial	Stateme	nts	in Part I	V, Item 1	5 of this	Annual	Repo	rt o	n F	orm	10-K	for	add	itional i	nfo	rmation	.													
(	4)	Repre	sents	sales	return	s.																														
																																				
															81																					
																																				
http	s://w	ww.s	ec.go	v/Arc	hives	/e	dgar/dat	a/	1045810	/00010	458102	40000	29/n	vda	-20	240	128.	ht	m																11	4/118

