9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
past and may happen in the future), our response may be limited or more difficult because we may not have direct access to their
systems, logs and other information related to the security incident. Additionally, we are incorporated into the supply chain of a large
number of entities worldwide and, as a result, if our products or services are compromised, a significant number of our customers and
their data could be affected, which could result in potential liability and harm our business.
To defend against security incidents, we must continuously engineer more secure products and enhance security and reliability features,
which is expected to result in increased expenses. We must also continue to develop our security measures, including training programs
and security awareness initiatives, designed to ensure our suppliers have appropriate security measures in place, and continue to meet
the evolving security requirements of our customers, applicable industry standards, and government regulations. While we invest in
training programs and security awareness initiatives and take steps to detect and remediate certain vulnerabilities that we have
identified, we may not always be able to prevent threats or detect and mitigate all vulnerabilities in our security controls, systems or
software, including third-party software we have installed, as such threats and techniques change frequently and may not be detected
until after a security incident has occurred. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed
to address identified vulnerabilities. These vulnerabilities could result in reputational and financial harm, and if exploited, these
vulnerabilities could result in a security incident.
We hold confidential, sensitive, personal and proprietary information, including information from partners and customers. Breaches of
our security measures, along with reported or perceived vulnerabilities or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or
sensitive or confidential data about us or third parties, could expose us and the parties affected to a risk of loss, or misuse of this
information, potentially resulting in litigation and subsequent liability, regulatory inquiries or actions, damage to our brand and reputation
or other harm, including financial, to our business. For example, we hold proprietary game source code from third-party partners in our
GFN service. Breaches of our GFN security measures, which have happened in the past, could expose our partners to a risk of loss or
misuse of this source code, damage both us and our partners, and expose NVIDIA to potential litigation and liability. If we or a third party
we rely on experience a security incident, which has occurred in the past, or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we
may experience adverse consequences, including government enforcement actions, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight,
restrictions on processing data, litigation, indemnification obligations, reputational harm, diversion of funds, diversion of management
attention, financial loss, loss of data, material disruptions in our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and
distribute our goods and services, and other similar harms. Inability to fulfill orders, delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers as a
result of these disruptions could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation. Applicable data privacy and security
obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders, including affected individuals, customers, regulators and investors, of security
incidents, and mandatory disclosure of such incidents could lead to negative publicity. In addition to experiencing a security incident,
third parties may gather, collect or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers or other means that reveals
competitively sensitive details about our organization and could be used to harm our business.
Business disruptions could harm our operations, lead to a decline in revenue and increase our costs.
Our worldwide operations could be disrupted by natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, power or water shortages,
telecommunications failures, supplier disruptions, terrorist attacks, acts of violence, political and/or civil unrest, acts of war or other
military actions, epidemics or pandemics, abrupt regulatory deterioration, and other natural or man-made disasters and catastrophic
events. Our corporate headquarters, a large portion of our current data center capacity, and a portion of our research and development
activities are located in California, and other critical business operations, finished goods inventory and some of our suppliers are located
in Asia, making our operations vulnerable to natural disasters such as earthquakes, wildfires or other business disruptions occurring in
these geographical areas. Catastrophic events can also have an impact on third-party vendors who provide us critical infrastructure
services for IT and research and development systems and personnel. Our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not
be sufficient for all eventualities. Geopolitical and domestic political developments and other events beyond our control, can increase
economic volatility globally. Political instability, changes in government or adverse political developments in or around any of the major
countries in which we do business may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Worldwide geopolitical tensions
and conflicts, including but not limited to China, Hong Kong, Israel, Korea and Taiwan where the manufacture of our product components
and final assembly of our products are concentrated may result in changing regulatory requirements, and other disruptions that could
impact our operations and operating strategies, product demand, access to global markets, hiring, and profitability. For example, other
countries have restricted and may continue in the future to restrict business with the State of Israel, where we have engineering, sales
support operations and manufacturing, and companies with Israeli operations, including by economic boycotts. Our operations could be
harmed and our costs could increase if manufacturing, logistics or other operations are disrupted for any reason, including natural
disasters, high heat events or water shortages, power shortages, information technology system failures or cyber-attacks, military
actions or economic, business, labor, environmental, public health, or political issues. The ultimate impact on us, our third-party
foundries and other suppliers of being located and consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown. In the event a disaster, war or
catastrophic event affects us, the third-party systems on which we rely, or our customers, our business could be harmed as a result of
declines in revenue, increases in expenses, and substantial expenditures and time spent to fully resume operations. All of these risks
and conditions could materially adversely affect our future sales and operating results.
21
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 32/118