9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Compute & Networking segment. If end demand increases or our finished goods supply availability is concentrated near a quarter end,
the system integrators, distributors and channel partners may have limited ability to increase their credit, which could impact the timing
and amount of our revenue. The loss of any of our large customers, a significant reduction in purchases by them, our inability to sell to a
customer due to U.S. or other countries’ trade restrictions or any difficulties in collecting accounts receivable would likely harm our
financial condition and results of operations.
If we are unable to attract, retain and motivate our executives and key employees, our business may be harmed.
To be competitive and execute our business strategy successfully, we must attract, retain and motivate our executives and key
employees and recruit and develop capable and diverse talent. Labor is subject to external factors that are beyond our control, including
our industry’s highly competitive market for skilled workers and leaders, cost inflation and workforce participation rates. Changes in
immigration and work permit regulations or in their administration or interpretation could impair our ability to attract and retain qualified
employees. Competition for personnel results in increased costs in the form of cash and stock-based compensation, and in times of
stock price volatility, as we have experienced in the past and may experience in the future, the retentive value of our stock-based
compensation may decrease. Additionally, we are highly dependent on the services of our longstanding executive team. Failure to
ensure effective succession planning, transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving executives and key employees could
hinder our strategic planning and execution and long-term success.
Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our business processes and information systems and modification
or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, and internal controls.
We rely upon internal processes and information systems to support key business functions, including our assessment of internal
controls over financial reporting as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The efficient operation and scalability of these
processes and systems is critical to support our growth. We continue to design and implement updated accounting functionality related
to a new enterprise resource planning, or ERP, system. Any ERP system implementation may introduce problems, such as quality issues
or programming errors, that could have an impact on our continued ability to successfully operate our business or to timely and
accurately report our financial results. These changes may be costly and disruptive to our operations and could impose substantial
demands on management time. Failure to implement new or updated controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could
harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations.
Identification of material weaknesses in our internal controls, even if quickly remediated once disclosed, may cause investors to lose
confidence in our financial statements and our stock price may decline. Remediation of any material weakness could require us to incur
significant expenses, and if we fail to remediate any material weakness, our financial statements may be inaccurate, we may be required
to restate our financial statements, our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis may be adversely affected,
our access to the capital markets may be restricted, our stock price may decline, and we may be subject to sanctions or investigation by
regulatory authorities.
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the
expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline.
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate due to numerous of these risk factors. Therefore,
investors should not rely on our past results of operations as an indication of our future performance. Additional factors that could affect
our results of operations include, but are not limited to:
• our ability to adjust spending due to the multi-year development cycle for some of our products and services;
• our ability to comply with our contractual obligations to customers;
• our extended payment term arrangements with certain customers, the inability of some customers to make required payments,
our ability to obtain credit insurance for customers with extended payment terms, and customer bad debt write-offs;
• our vendors' payment requirements;
• unanticipated costs associated with environmental liabilities; and
• changes in financial accounting standards or interpretations of existing standards.
Any of the factors discussed above could prevent us from achieving our anticipated financial results. For example, we have granted and
may continue to grant extended payment terms to some customers, particularly during macroeconomic downturns, which could impact
our ability to collect payment. Our vendors have requested and may continue to ask for shorter payment terms, which may impact our
cash flow generation. These arrangements reduce the cash we have available for general business operations. In addition, the pace of
growth in our operating expenses and investments may lag our revenue growth, creating volatility or periods where profitability levels
may not be sustainable. Failure to meet our expectations or the expectations of our investors or security analysts is likely to cause our
stock price to decline, as it has in the past, or experience substantial price volatility.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 37/118