9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
electric vehicles, and announced further adoption of NVIDIA DRIVE platform with BYD, XPENG, GWM, Li Auto, ZEEKR and Xiaomi.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or
U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenue, cost of revenue, expenses and related disclosure of contingencies. Critical accounting estimates are those
estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and could have a material impact on our financial condition or results
of operations. We have critical accounting estimates in the areas of inventories, revenue recognition, and income taxes. Refer to Note 1
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary of
significant accounting policies.
Inventories
We charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or
excess inventory, and for excess product purchase commitments. Most of our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products
or components, based on our inventory levels and future product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future
demand and market conditions, which requires management judgment.
Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory or excess product purchase commitments include changes in business and
economic conditions, changes in market conditions, sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, inventory
obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements, new product introductions resulting in less demand for
existing products or inconsistent spikes in demand, failure to estimate customer demand properly, ordering in advance of historical lead-
times, government regulations and the impact of changes in future demand, or increase in demand for competitive products, including
competitive actions. Cancellation or deferral of customer purchase orders could result in our holding excess inventory.
The net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was an unfavorable impact of
2.7% in fiscal year 2024 and 7.5% in fiscal year 2023. Our inventory and capacity purchase commitments are based on forecasts of
future customer demand. We account for our third-party manufacturers' lead times and constraints. Our manufacturing lead times can be
and have been long, and in some cases, extended beyond twelve months for some products. We may place non-cancellable inventory
orders for certain product components in advance of our historical lead times, pay premiums and provide deposits to secure future
supply and capacity. We also adjust to other market factors, such as product offerings and pricing actions by our competitors, new
product transitions, and macroeconomic conditions - all of which may impact demand for our products.
Refer to the Gross Profit and Gross Margin discussion below in this Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Our calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on
certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. Our estimates of
deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in
accounting standards or tax laws in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes in other facts or circumstances. In
addition, we recognize liabilities for potential U.S. and foreign income tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the
extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax
liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expense in
our financial statements accordingly.
As of the end of fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we had a valuation allowance of $1.6 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, related to capital
loss carryforwards, and certain state and other deferred tax assets that management determined are not likely to be realized due, in
part, to jurisdictional projections of future taxable income, including capital gains. To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets
becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as income tax benefits during the period.
We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely
on the technical merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a
component of income tax expense.
37
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 58/118