9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Our Company
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April
1998.
All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries.
Fiscal Year
We operate on a 52- or 53-week year, ending on the last Sunday in January. Fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 were all 52-week years.
Principles of Consolidation
Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NVIDIA Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from our
estimates. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, cash equivalents and
marketable securities, accounts receivable, inventories and product purchase commitments, income taxes, goodwill, stock-based
compensation, litigation, investigation and settlement costs, restructuring and other charges, property, plant, and equipment, and other
contingencies. These estimates are based on historical facts and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable.
In February 2023, we assessed the useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment. Based on advances in technology and usage rate,
we increased the estimated useful life of most of our server, storage, and network equipment from three to four or five years, and our
assembly and test equipment from five to seven years. The effect of this change for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2024 was a
benefit of $33 million and $102 million for cost of revenue and operating expenses, respectively, which resulted in an increase in
operating income of $135 million and net income of $114 million after tax, or $0.05 per both basic and diluted share.
Revenue Recognition
We derive our revenue from product sales, including hardware and systems, license and development arrangements, software licensing,
and cloud services. We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2)
identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction
price to the performance obligations in the contract (where revenue is allocated on a relative standalone selling price basis by
maximizing the use of observable inputs to determine the standalone selling price for each performance obligation); and (5) recognition
of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation.
Product Sales Revenue
Revenue from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of products to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
we expect to receive in exchange for those products. Certain products are sold with support or an extended warranty for the
incorporated system, hardware, and/or software. Support and extended warranty revenue are recognized ratably over the service
period, or as services are performed. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns, customer programs and any taxes collected
from customers.
For products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product
returns at the time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are
anticipated to exceed historical return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to accurately reflect
our estimated exposure for product returns.
Our customer programs involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target
markets, and marketing development funds, or MDFs, which represent monies paid to our partners that are earmarked for market
segment development and are designed to support our partners’ activities while also promoting NVIDIA products. We account for
customer programs as a reduction to revenue and accrue for such programs for potential rebates and MDFs based on the amount we
expect to be claimed by customers.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 81/118