9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Adverse developments affecting financial institutions, such as bank failures or instability, or concerns or speculation about similar events
or risks, could lead to market-wide liquidity problems and other disruptions, which could impact our customers’ ability to fulfill their
payment obligations to us, our vendors’ ability to fulfill their contractual obligations to us, or our ability to fulfill our own obligations.
Additionally, we maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. These investments are subject to general
credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by market downturns or events that affect global financial
markets, as described above. A majority of our investment portfolio comprises USG securities. A decline in global financial markets for
long periods or a downgrade of the USG credit rating due to an actual or threatened default on government debt could result in higher
interest rates, a decline in the value of the U.S. dollar, reduced market liquidity or other adverse conditions. These factors could cause
an unrealized or realized loss position in our investments or require us to record impairment charges.
International sales and operations are a significant part of our business, which exposes us to risks that could harm our
business.
We sell our products internationally, and we also have operations and conduct business internationally. Our semiconductor wafers are
manufactured, assembled, tested and packaged by third parties located outside of the United States, and we generated 56% of our
revenue in fiscal year 2024 from sales outside of the United States. Our sales to China decreased as a percentage of total Data Center
revenue from 19% in fiscal year 2023 to 14% in fiscal year 2024. Although we have not received licenses from the USG to ship restricted
products to China, we have started to ship alternatives to the China market in small volumes. China represented a mid-single digit
percentage of our Data Center revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 due to USG licensing requirements and we expect China
to be in a similar range in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025. The global nature of our business subjects us to a number of risks and
uncertainties, which have had in the past and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. These include domestic and international economic and political conditions in countries in which we and our
suppliers and manufacturers do business, government lockdowns to control case spread of global or local health issues, differing legal
standards with respect to protection of IP and employment practices, different domestic and international business and cultural practices,
disruptions to capital markets, counter-inflation policies, currency fluctuations, natural disasters, acts of war or other military actions,
terrorism, public health issues and other catastrophic events.
Product, system security, and data protection breaches, as well as cyber-attacks, could disrupt our operations, reduce our
expected revenue, increase our expenses, and significantly harm our business and reputation.
Security breaches, computer malware, social-engineering attacks, denial-of-service attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions,
software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, and other cyber-attacks are becoming increasingly
sophisticated, making it more difficult to successfully detect, defend against them or implement adequate preventative measures.
Cyber-attacks, including ransomware attacks by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, may
become more prevalent and severe. Our ability to recover from ransomware attacks may be limited if our backups have been affected by
the attack, or if restoring from backups is delayed or not feasible.
Individuals, groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including nation-states and nation-state-supported actors, and other
threat actors have engaged and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks. Additionally, some actors are using AI technology
to launch more automated, targeted and coordinated attacks. Due to geopolitical conflicts and during times of war or other major
conflicts, we and the third parties we rely upon may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of cyber-attacks that could materially disrupt our
ability to provide services and products. We may also face cybersecurity threats due to error or intentional misconduct by employees,
contractors or other third-party service providers. Certain aspects of effective cybersecurity are dependent upon our employees,
contractors and/or other third-party service providers safeguarding our sensitive information and adhering to our security policies and
access control mechanisms. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, security incidents arising from a failure
to properly handle sensitive information or adhere to our security policies and access control mechanisms and, although no such events
have had a material adverse effect on our business, there can be no assurance that an insider threat will not result in an incident that is
material to us. Furthermore, we rely on products and services provided by third-party suppliers to operate certain critical business
systems, including without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, employee email and other
functions, which exposes us to supply-chain attacks or other business disruptions. We cannot guarantee that third parties and
infrastructure in our supply chain or our partners’ supply chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable
vulnerabilities, defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems, including our products
and services, or the third-party information technology systems that support our services. We may also incorporate third-party data into
our AI algorithms or use open-source datasets to train our algorithms. These datasets may be flawed, insufficient, or contain certain
biased information, and may otherwise be vulnerable to security incidents. We may have limited insight into the data privacy or security
practices of third-party suppliers, including for our AI algorithms. Our ability to monitor these third parties’ information security practices is
limited, and they may not have adequate information security measures in place. In addition, if one of our third-party suppliers suffers a
security incident (which has happened in the
20
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 31/118