9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
we intend to sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Allowances for credit losses and write-downs are recognized
in the other income (expense), net section of our Consolidated Statements of Income.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The carrying value of cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due
to their relatively short maturities as of January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023. Marketable securities are comprised of available-for-
sale securities that are reported at fair value with the related unrealized gains or losses included in accumulated other comprehensive
income or loss, a component of shareholders’ equity, net of tax. Fair value of the marketable securities is determined based on quoted
market prices. Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fair value. The accounting for
changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. For derivative
instruments designated as fair value hedges, the gains or losses are recognized in earnings in the periods of change together with the
offsetting losses or gains on the hedged items attributed to the risk being hedged. For derivative instruments designated as cash-flow
hedges, the effective portion of the gains or losses on the derivatives is initially reported as a component of other comprehensive income
or loss and is subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedged exposure is recognized in earnings. For derivative instruments not
designated for hedge accounting, changes in fair value are recognized in earnings.
Concentration of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, marketable
securities, and accounts receivable. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly-rated fixed income securities, the
diversification of investment type and credit exposures, and includes certain limits on our portfolio duration. We perform ongoing credit
evaluations of our customers’ financial condition and maintain an allowance for potential credit losses. This allowance consists of an
amount identified for specific customers and an amount based on overall estimated exposure. Our overall estimated exposure excludes
amounts covered by credit insurance and letters of credit.
Inventories
Inventory cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis.
Inventory costs consist primarily of the cost of semiconductors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging,
manufacturing support costs, including labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, and shipping costs, as
well as the cost of purchased memory products and other component parts. We charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-
down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or excess inventory, and for excess product purchase
commitments. Most of our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products, based on our inventory levels and future product
purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions. Once inventory has been written-off or
written-down, it creates a new cost basis for the inventory that is not subsequently written-up. We record a liability for noncancelable
purchase commitments with suppliers for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with our valuation of obsolete or
excess inventory.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed using
the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the assets of three to seven years. Once an asset is identified for
retirement or disposition, the related cost and accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed, and a gain or loss is recorded. The
estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirty years. Depreciation expense includes the amortization of assets recorded under
finance leases. Leasehold improvements and assets recorded under finance leases are amortized over the shorter of the expected
lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset.
Leases
We determine if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. Operating leases with lease terms of more than 12 months are
included in operating lease assets, accrued and other current liabilities, and long-term operating lease liabilities on our consolidated
balance sheet. Operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our
obligation to make lease payments over the lease term.
Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the remaining lease payments discounted using our
incremental borrowing rate. Operating lease assets also include initial direct costs incurred and prepaid lease payments, minus any
lease incentives. Our lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that
option. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
We combine the lease and non-lease components in determining the operating lease assets and liabilities.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 87/118