9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Government Regulations
Our worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules, and regulations of the United States as well as of foreign
governments.
During the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, the U.S. government, or the USG, announced licensing requirements that, with certain
exceptions, impact exports to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and Russia of our A100 and H100 integrated circuits, DGX or
any other systems or boards which incorporate A100 or H100 integrated circuits.
In July 2023, the USG informed us of an additional licensing requirement for a subset of A100 and H100 products destined to certain
customers and other regions, including some countries in the Middle East.
In October 2023, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements that became effective in our fourth quarter of fiscal year
2024 for exports to China and Country Groups D1, D4, and D5 (including but not limited to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and
Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including A100, A800, H100, H800, L4, L40,
L40S and RTX 4090. The licensing requirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certain performance thresholds to a
party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent headquartered in, Country Group D5, including China. On October 23, 2023, the USG
informed us the licensing requirements were effective immediately for shipments of our A100, A800, H100, H800, and L40S products.
Our competitive position has been harmed, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed in the long term, if
there are further changes in the USG’s export controls. Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions,
the USG has changed and may again change the export control rules at any time and further subject a wider range of our products to
export restrictions and licensing requirements, negatively impacting our business and financial results. In the event of such change, we
may be unable to sell our inventory of such products and may be unable to develop replacement products not subject to the licensing
requirements, effectively excluding us from all or part of the China market, as well as other impacted markets, including the Middle East.
While we work to enhance the resiliency and redundancy of our supply chain, which is currently concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region,
new and existing export controls or changes to existing export controls could limit alternative manufacturing locations and negatively
impact our business. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters” for a
discussion of this potential impact.
Compliance with laws, rules, and regulations has not otherwise had a material effect upon our capital expenditures, results of operations,
or competitive position and we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. Compliance
with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to IP ownership and infringement, taxes,
import and export requirements and tariffs, anti-corruption, business acquisitions, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation
restrictions, data privacy requirements, competition and antitrust, advertising, employment, product regulations, cybersecurity,
environmental, health and safety requirements, the responsible use of AI, climate change, cryptocurrency, and consumer laws, could
increase our costs, impact our competitive position, and otherwise may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations in subsequent periods. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for a discussion of these potential impacts.
Sustainability and Governance
NVIDIA invents computing technologies that improve lives and address global challenges. Our goal is to integrate sound environmental,
social, and corporate governance principles and practices into every aspect of the Company. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and discussing with management our practices related to
sustainability and corporate governance. We assess our programs annually in consideration of stakeholder expectations, market trends,
and business risks and opportunities. These issues are important for our continued business success and reflect the topics of highest
concern to NVIDIA and our stakeholders.
The following section and the Human Capital Management Section below provide an overview of our principles and practices. More
information can be found on our website and in our annual Sustainability Report. Information contained on our website or in our annual
Sustainability Report is not incorporated by reference into this or any other report we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or the SEC. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for a discussion of risks and uncertainties we face related to sustainability.
Climate Change
In the area of environmental sustainability, we address our climate impacts across our product lifecycle and assess risks, including
current and emerging regulations and market impacts.
In May 2023, we published metrics related to our environmental impact for fiscal year 2023. Fiscal year 2024 metrics are expected to be
published in the first half of fiscal year 2025. There has been no material impact to our capital expenditures, results of operations or
competitive position associated with global environmental sustainability regulations, compliance, or costs from sourcing renewable
energy. By the end of fiscal year 2025, our goal is to purchase
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 13/118