9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
products, and it is likely that additional unilateral or multilateral controls will be adopted. Such controls have been and may again be very
broad in scope and application, prohibit us from exporting our products to any or all customers in one or more markets, including but not
limited to China, and could negatively impact our manufacturing, testing and warehousing locations and options, or could impose other
conditions that limit our ability to serve demand abroad and could negatively and materially impact our business, revenue and financial
results. Export controls targeting GPUs and semiconductors associated with AI, which have been imposed and are increasingly likely to
be further tightened, would further restrict our ability to export our technology, products, or services even though competitors may not be
subject to similar restrictions, creating a competitive disadvantage for us and negatively impacting our business and financial results.
Export controls targeting GPUs and semiconductors associated with AI have subjected and may in the future subject downstream users
of our products to additional restrictions on the use, resale, repair, or transfer of our products, negatively impacting our business and
financial results. Controls could negatively impact our cost and/or ability to provide services such as NVIDIA AI cloud services and could
impact the cost and/or ability for our cloud service providers and customers to provide services to their end customers, even outside
China.
Export controls could disrupt our supply chain and distribution channels, negatively impacting our ability to serve demand, including in
markets outside China and for our gaming products. The possibility of additional export controls has negatively impacted and may in the
future negatively impact demand for our products, benefiting competitors that offer alternatives less likely to be restricted by further
controls. Repeated changes in the export control rules are likely to impose compliance burdens on our business and our customers,
negatively and materially impacting our business.
Increasing use of economic sanctions and export controls has impacted and may in the future impact demand for our products or
services, negatively impacting our business and financial results. Reduced demand due to export controls could also lead to excess
inventory or cause us to incur related supply charges. Additional unilateral or multilateral controls are also likely to include deemed
export control limitations that negatively impact the ability of our research and development teams to execute our roadmap or other
objectives in a timely manner. Additional export restrictions may not only impact our ability to serve overseas markets, but also provoke
responses from foreign governments, including China, that negatively impact our supply chain or our ability to provide our products and
services to customers in all markets worldwide, which could also substantially reduce our revenue. Regulators in China have inquired
about our sales and efforts to supply the China market and our fulfillment of the commitments we entered at the close of our Mellanox
acquisition. If the regulators conclude that we have failed to fulfill such commitments or we have violated any applicable law in China, we
could be subject to various penalties or restrictions on our ability to conduct our business, any of which could have a material and
adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
During the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, the USG announced export restrictions and export licensing requirements targeting China’s
semiconductor and supercomputing industries. These restrictions impact exports of certain chips, as well as software, hardware,
equipment and technology used to develop, produce and manufacture certain chips to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and
Russia, and specifically impact our A100 and H100 integrated circuits, DGX or any other systems or boards which incorporate A100 or
H100 integrated circuits. The licensing requirements also apply to any future NVIDIA integrated circuit achieving certain peak
performance and chip-to-chip I/O performance thresholds, as well as any system or board that includes those circuits. There are also
now licensing requirements to export a wide array of products, including networking products, destined for certain end users and for
certain end uses in China. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2024, the USG also informed us of an additional licensing
requirement for a subset of A100 and H100 products destined to certain customers and other regions, including some countries in the
Middle East.
In October 2023, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements that became effective in our fourth quarter of fiscal year
2024 for exports to China and Country Groups D1, D4, and D5 (including but not limited to, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and
Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including A100, A800, H100, H800, L4, L40,
L40S and RTX 4090. The licensing requirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certain performance thresholds to a
party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent headquartered in, Country Group D5, including China. On October 23, 2023, the USG
informed us that the licensing requirements were effective immediately for shipments of our A100, A800, H100, H800, and L40S
products. We have not received licenses to ship these restricted products to China.
Following these export controls, we transitioned some operations, including certain testing, validation, and supply and distribution
operations out of China and Hong Kong. Any future transitions could be costly and time consuming, and adversely affect our research
and development and supply and distribution operations, as well as our revenue, during any such transition period. We are working to
expand our Data Center product portfolio to offer new solutions, including those for which the USG does not require a license or advance
notice before each shipment. To the extent that a customer requires products covered by the licensing requirements, we may seek a
license for the customer. However, the licensing process is time-consuming. We have no assurance that the USG will grant such a
license or that the USG will act on the license application in a timely manner or at all. Even if a license is offered, it may impose
burdensome conditions that we or our customer or end users cannot or decide not to accept. The USG is evaluating license requests in
a closed process that does not have clear standards or an opportunity for review. For example, the Notified Advanced Computing, or
“NAC,” process has not resulted in approvals for exports of products to customers in China. The license process for exports to D1 and
D4 countries has been time-consuming and resulted in license conditions for countries outside China. The requirements have a
disproportionate impact on NVIDIA and already have disadvantaged and may in the future
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 41/118