9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters
Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject, and political
and other actions may adversely impact our business.
We are subject to laws and regulations domestically and worldwide, affecting our operations in areas including, but not limited to, IP
ownership and infringement; taxes; import and export requirements and tariffs; anti-corruption, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act; business acquisitions; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; data privacy requirements; competition and
antitrust; advertising; employment; product regulations; cybersecurity; environmental, health, and safety requirements; the responsible
use of AI; sustainability; cryptocurrency; and consumer laws. Compliance with such requirements can be onerous and expensive, could
impact our competitive position, and may negatively impact our business operations and ability to manufacture and ship our products.
There can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers or agents will not violate applicable laws or the
policies, controls, and procedures that we have designed to help ensure compliance with such laws, and violations could result in fines,
criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and damage to our reputation.
Changes to the laws, rules and regulations to which we are subject, or changes to their interpretation and enforcement, could lead to
materially greater compliance and other costs and/or further restrictions on our ability to manufacture and supply our products and
operate our business. For example, we may face increased compliance costs as a result of changes or increases in antitrust legislation,
regulation, administrative rule making, increased focus from regulators on cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. Our position in markets
relating to AI has led to increased interest in our business from regulators worldwide, including the European Union, the United States,
the United Kingdom and China. For example, the French Competition Authority collected information from us regarding our business and
competition in the graphics card and cloud service provider market as part of an ongoing inquiry into competition in those markets. We
have also received requests for information from regulators in the European Union, the United Kingdom, and China regarding our sales
of GPUs, our efforts to allocate supply, foundation models and our investments, partnerships and other agreements with companies
developing foundation models, and we expect to receive additional requests for information in the future. Governments and regulators
are considering imposing restrictions on the hardware, software, and systems used to develop frontier foundation models and generative
AI. If implemented, such restrictions could increase the costs and burdens to us and our customers, delay or halt deployment of new
systems using our products, and reduce the number of new entrants and customers, negatively impacting our business and financial
results. Revisions to laws or regulations or their interpretation and enforcement could also result in increased taxation, trade sanctions,
the imposition of or increase to import duties or tariffs, restrictions and controls on imports or exports, or other retaliatory actions, which
could have an adverse effect on our business plans or impact the timing of our shipments. Additionally, changes in the public perception
of governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate could negatively impact our business and results of operations.
Government actions, including trade protection and national and economic security policies of U.S. and foreign government bodies, such
as tariffs, import or export regulations, including deemed export restrictions and restrictions on the activities of U.S. persons, trade and
economic sanctions, decrees, quotas or other trade barriers and restrictions could affect our ability to ship products, provide services to
our customers and employees, do business without an export license with entities on the U.S. Department of Commerce’s U.S. Entity
List or other USG restricted parties lists (which is expected to change from time to time), and generally fulfill our contractual obligations
and have a material adverse effect on our business. If we were ever found to have violated export control laws or sanctions of the U.S.
or similar applicable non-U.S. laws, even if the violation occurred without our knowledge, we may be subject to various penalties
available under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial
condition.
For example, in response to the war in Ukraine, the United States and other jurisdictions imposed economic sanctions and export control
measures which blocked the passage of our products, services and support into Russia, Belarus, and certain regions of Ukraine. In
fiscal year 2023, we stopped direct sales to Russia and closed business operations in Russia. Concurrently, the war in Ukraine has
impacted sales in EMEA and may continue to do so in the future.
The increasing focus on the risks and strategic importance of AI technologies has resulted in regulatory restrictions that target products
and services capable of enabling or facilitating AI and may in the future result in additional restrictions impacting some or all of our
product and service offerings.
Concerns regarding third-party use of AI for purposes contrary to local governmental interests, including concerns relating to the misuse
of AI applications, models, and solutions, has resulted in and could in the future result in unilateral or multilateral restrictions on products
that can be used for training, modifying, tuning, and deploying LLMs. Such restrictions have limited and could in the future limit the ability
of downstream customers and users worldwide to acquire, deploy and use systems that include our products, software, and services,
and negatively impact our business and financial results.
Such restrictions could include additional unilateral or multilateral export controls on certain products or technology, including but not
limited to AI technologies. As geopolitical tensions have increased, semiconductors associated with AI, including GPUs and associated
products, are increasingly the focus of export control restrictions proposed by stakeholders in the U.S. and its allies. The United States
has imposed unilateral controls restricting GPUs and associated
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 39/118