9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
commitments for capacity to address our business needs, or our long-term demand expectations may change. These risks may increase
as we shorten our product development cycles, enter new lines of business, or integrate new suppliers or components into our supply
chain, creating additional supply chain complexity. Additionally, our ability to sell certain products has been and could be impeded if
components necessary for the finished products are not available from third parties. This risk may increase as a result of our platform
strategy. In periods of shortages impacting the semiconductor industry and/or limited supply or capacity in our supply chain, the lead
times on our orders may be extended. We have previously experienced and may continue to experience extended lead times of more
than 12 months. We have paid premiums and provided deposits to secure future supply and capacity, which have increased our product
costs and may continue to do so. If our existing suppliers are unable to scale their capabilities to meet our supply needs, we may require
additional sources of capacity, which may require additional deposits. We may not have the ability to reduce our supply commitments at
the same rate or at all if our revenue declines.
Many additional factors have caused and/or could in the future cause us to either underestimate or overestimate our customers’ future
demand for our products, or otherwise cause a mismatch between supply and demand for our products and impact the timing and
volume of our revenue, including:
• changes in product development cycles and time to market;
• competing technologies and competitor product releases and announcements;
• changes in business and economic conditions resulting in decreased end demand;
• sudden or sustained government lockdowns or actions to control case spread of global or local health issues;
• rapidly changing technology or customer requirements;
• the availability of sufficient data center capacity and energy for customers to procure;
• new product introductions and transitions resulting in less demand for existing products;
• new or unexpected end-use cases;
• increase in demand for competitive products, including competitive actions;
• business decisions made by third parties;
• the demand for accelerated or AI-related cloud services, including our own software and NVIDIA DGX Cloud services;
• changes that impact the ecosystem for the architectures underlying our products and technologies;
• the demand for our products; or
• government actions or changes in governmental policies, such as export controls or increased restrictions on gaming usage.
Demand for our data center systems and products surged in fiscal year 2024. Entering fiscal year 2025, we are gathering customer
demand indications across several product transitions. We have demand visibility for our new data center products ramping later in fiscal
year 2025. We have increased our supply and capacity purchases with existing suppliers, added new vendors and entered into prepaid
manufacturing and capacity agreements. These increased purchase volumes, the number of suppliers, and the integration of new
vendors into our supply chain may create more complexity and execution risk. We may continue to enter into new supplier and capacity
arrangements. Our purchase commitments and obligations for inventory and manufacturing capacity at the end of fiscal year 2024 were
impacted by shortening lead times for certain components. Supply of Hopper architecture products is improving, and demand remains
very strong. We expect our next-generation products to be supply-constrained based upon demand indications. We may incur inventory
provisions or impairments if our inventory or supply or capacity commitments exceed demand for our products or demand declines.
Our customer orders and longer-term demand estimates may change or may not be correct, as we have experienced in the past.
Product transitions are complex and can impact our revenue as we often ship both new and prior architecture products simultaneously
and we and our channel partners prepare to ship and support new products. Due to our product introduction cycles, we are almost
always in various stages of transitioning the architecture of our Data Center, Professional Visualization, and Gaming products. We will
have a broader and faster Data Center product launch cadence to meet a growing and diverse set of AI opportunities. The increased
frequency of these transitions may magnify the challenges associated with managing our supply and demand due to long manufacturing
lead times. Qualification time for new products, customers anticipating product transitions and channel partners reducing channel
inventory of prior architectures ahead of new product introductions can create reductions or volatility in our revenue. We have
experienced and may in the future experience reduced demand for current generation architectures when customers anticipate
16
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 23/118