9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
to the collection, use, retention, security or disclosure of personal information or other privacy-related matters, including for use in AI,
even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our operating results. The theft, loss or misuse of personal data in
our possession or by one of our partners could result in damage to our reputation, regulatory proceedings, disruption of our business
activities or increased security costs and costs related to defending legal claims.
In the United States, federal, state and local authorities have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including for data
breach notification, personal data privacy and consumer protection. In the past few years, numerous U.S. states have enacted
comprehensive privacy laws that impose certain obligations on covered businesses, including providing specific disclosures in privacy
notices and affording residents with certain rights concerning their personal data. As applicable, such rights may include the right to
access, correct, or delete certain personal data, and to opt-out of certain data processing activities, such as targeted advertising,
profiling and automated decision-making. The exercise of these rights may impact our business and ability to provide our products and
services. Certain states also impose stricter requirements for processing certain personal data, including sensitive information, such as
conducting data privacy impact assessments. These state laws allow for statutory fines for noncompliance. For example, the California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, or CPRA, or collectively the CCPA, gives
California residents the right to access, delete and opt-out of certain sharing of their personal information, and to receive detailed
information about how it is used and shared. The CCPA provides for fines of up to $7,500 per intentional violation and the law created a
private right of action for certain data breaches. Similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and
local levels. Additionally, several states and localities have enacted measures related to the use of artificial intelligence and machine
learning in products and services. If we become subject to additional data privacy laws, the risk of enforcement action against us could
increase.
Worldwide regulatory authorities are also considering and have approved various legislative proposals concerning data protection. The
European Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, and the United Kingdom similarly adopted the U.K. GDPR,
governing the strict handling of personal data of persons within the European Economic Area, or EEA, and the United Kingdom,
respectively, including its use and protection and the ability of persons whose data is stored to access, correct, and delete such data
about themselves. If we are found not to comply, we could be subject to penalties of up to €20 million or 4% of worldwide revenue,
whichever is greater, and classes of individuals or consumer protection organizations may initiate litigation related to our processing of
their personal data. Furthermore, the EU AI Act could impose onerous obligations that may disproportionately impact and disadvantage
us and require us to change our business practices.
In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer personal data from Europe, China, and other jurisdictions to the United States or
other countries. Certain jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal data transfer laws. For example, the
GDPR generally restricts the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the EEA. The European Commission released a set of
“Standard Contractual Clauses” designed for entities to validly transfer personal data out of the EEA to jurisdictions that the European
Commission has not found to provide an adequate level of protection, including the United States. Additionally, the U.K.’s International
Data Transfer Agreement / Addendum, as well as the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the U.K. extension thereto (which allows for
transfers to relevant U.S.-based organizations who self-certify compliance and participate in the Framework) are mechanisms that may
be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and U.K. to the United States. However, these mechanisms are subject to legal
challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United
States. Other jurisdictions have enacted or are considering similar cross-border personal data transfer laws and local personal data
residency laws, any of which would increase the cost and complexity of doing business and could result in fines from regulators. For
example, China’s law imposes various requirements relating to data processing and data localization. Data broadly defined as important
under China’s law, including personal data, may not be transferable outside of China without prior assessment and approval by the
Cyberspace Administration of China, or CAC. Compliance with these requirements, including CAC assessments and any deemed
failures of such assessments, could cause us to incur liability, prevent us from using data collected in China or impact our ability to
transfer data outside of China. The inability to import personal data to the United States could significantly and negatively impact our
business operations, limit our ability to collaborate with parties that are subject to European, China and other data privacy and security
laws, or require us to increase our personal data processing capabilities in Europe and/or elsewhere at significant expense. Some
European regulators have prevented companies from transferring personal data out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR’s cross-
border data transfer limitations, which could negatively impact our business.
We may also be bound by contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations
may not be successful or may be claimed to be non-compliant. For example, certain privacy laws, such as the GDPR and the CCPA,
require our customers to impose specific contractual restrictions on their service providers. We sometimes host personal data in
collaboration with our customers, and if a breach exposed or altered that personal data, it could harm those customer relationships and
subject us to litigation, regulatory action, or fines. We publish privacy policies, marketing materials and other statements, such as
compliance with certain certifications or self-regulatory principles, regarding data privacy and security. If these policies, materials or
statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject
to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators or other adverse consequences.
29
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 46/118