9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Global Trade
During the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, the USG, announced licensing requirements that, with certain exceptions, impact exports to
China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and Russia of our A100 and H100 integrated circuits, DGX or any other systems or boards
which incorporate A100 or H100 integrated circuits.
In July 2023, the USG informed us of an additional licensing requirement for a subset of A100 and H100 products destined to certain
customers and other regions, including some countries in the Middle East.
In October 2023, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements that became effective in our fourth quarter of fiscal year
2024 for exports to China and Country Groups D1, D4, and D5 (including but not limited to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and
Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including A100, A800, H100, H800, L4, L40,
L40S and RTX 4090. The licensing requirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certain performance thresholds to a
party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent headquartered in, Country Group D5, including China. On October 23, 2023, the USG
informed us the licensing requirements were effective immediately for shipments of our A100, A800, H100, H800, and L40S products.
Our sales to China decreased as a percentage of total Data Center revenue from 19% in fiscal year 2023 to 14% in fiscal year 2024.
We have not received licenses to ship these restricted products to China. We are working to expand our Data Center product portfolio to
offer new solutions, including those for which the USG does not require a license or advance notice before each shipment. We have
started to ship alternatives to the China market in small volumes. China represented a mid-single digit percentage of our Data Center
revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 due to USG licensing requirements and we expect China to be in a similar range in the
first quarter of fiscal year 2025. To the extent that a customer requires products covered by the licensing requirements, we may seek a
license for the customer but have no assurance that the USG will grant such a license, or that the USG will act on the license application
in a timely manner or at all.
Our competitive position has been harmed, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed in the long term, if
there are further changes in the USG’s export controls. Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions,
the USG has changed and may again change the export control rules at any time and further subject a wider range of our products to
export restrictions and licensing requirements, negatively impacting our business and financial results. In the event of such change, we
may be unable to sell our inventory of such products and may be unable to develop replacement products not subject to the licensing
requirements, effectively excluding us from all or part of the China market, as well as other impacted markets, including the Middle East.
While we work to enhance the resiliency and redundancy of our supply chain, which is currently concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region,
new and existing export controls or changes to existing export controls could limit alternative manufacturing locations and negatively
impact our business. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters” for a
discussion of this potential impact.
Macroeconomic Factors
Macroeconomic factors, including inflation, increased interest rates, capital market volatility, global supply chain constraints and global
economic and geopolitical developments, may have direct and indirect impacts on our results of operations, particularly demand for our
products. While difficult to isolate and quantify, these macroeconomic factors can also impact our supply chain and manufacturing costs,
employee wages, costs for capital equipment and value of our investments. Our product and solution pricing generally does not fluctuate
with short-term changes in our costs. Within our supply chain, we continuously manage product availability and costs with our vendors.
Israel and Hamas Conflict
We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations, including the health and safety of our
approximately 3,700 employees in the region who primarily support the research and development, operations, and sales and marketing
of our networking products. Our operating expenses in fiscal year 2024 include expenses for financial support to impacted employees
and charitable activity. We believe our global supply chain for our networking products has not experienced any significant impact.
Further, in connection with the conflict, a substantial number of our employees in the region have been called-up for active military duty
in Israel. Accordingly, some of our employees in Israel have been absent for an extended period and they or others may continue to be
absent, which may cause disruption to our product development or operations. We did not experience any significant impact or expense
to our business; however, if the conflict is further extended, it could impact future product development, operations, and revenue or
create other uncertainty for our business.
35
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 55/118