9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
harmed, future acquisitions may be more difficult, complex or expensive. Further, our investments in publicly traded companies could
create volatility in our results and may generate losses up to the value of the investment. In addition, we have invested and may
continue to invest in private companies to further our strategic objectives and to support certain key business initiatives. These
companies can include early-stage companies still defining their strategic direction. Many of the instruments in which we invest are non-
marketable and illiquid at the time of our initial investment, and we are not always able to achieve a return. To the extent any of the
companies in which we invest are not successful, we could recognize an impairment and/or lose all or part of our investment. Our
investment portfolio contains industry sector concentration risks, and a decline in any one or multiple industry sectors could increase our
impairment losses. We face additional risks related to acquisitions and strategic investments, including the diversion of capital and other
resources, including management’s attention; difficulty in realizing a satisfactory return and uncertainties to realize the benefits of an
acquisition or strategic investment, if at all; difficulty or inability in obtaining governmental, regulatory approval or restrictions or other
consents and approvals or financing; legal proceedings initiated as a result of an acquisition or investment; and potential failure of our
due diligence processes to identify significant issues with the assets or company in which we are investing or are acquiring.
Additional risks related to acquisitions include, but are not limited to:
• difficulty in integrating the technology, systems, products, policies, processes, or operations and integrating and retaining the
employees, including key personnel, of the acquired business;
• assumption of liabilities and incurring amortization expenses, impairment charges to goodwill or write-downs of acquired assets;
• integrating accounting, forecasting and controls, procedures and reporting cycles;
• coordinating and integrating operations, particularly in countries in which we do not currently operate;
• stock price impact, fines, fees or reputation harm if we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for an acquisition or are
otherwise unable to close an acquisition;
• potential issuances of debt to finance our acquisitions, resulting in increased debt, increased interest expense, and compliance
with debt covenants or other restrictions;
• the potential for our acquisitions to result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities;
• the potential variability of the amount and form of any performance-based consideration;
• negative changes in general economic conditions in the regions or the industries in which we or our target operate;
• exposure to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities; and
• impairment of relationships with, or loss of our or our target’s employees, vendors and customers.
For example, when integrating acquisition target systems into our own, we have experienced and may continue to experience
challenges including lengthy and costly systems integration, delays in purchasing and shipping products, difficulties with system
integration via electronic data interchange and other processes with our key suppliers and customers, and training and change
management needs of integration personnel. These challenges have impacted our results of operations and may continue to do so in
the future.
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of partners and distributors and we have a
concentration of sales to customers who purchase directly or indirectly from us, and our revenue could be adversely affected
if we lose or are prevented from selling to any of these customers.
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers within our distribution and partner network. Sales to
one customer, Customer A, represented 13% of total revenue for fiscal year 2024, which was attributable to the Compute & Networking
segment. With several of these channel partners, we are selling multiple products and systems in our portfolio through their channels.
Our operating results depend on sales within our partner network, as well as the ability of these partners to sell products that incorporate
our processors. In the future, these partners may decide to purchase fewer products, not to incorporate our products into their
ecosystem, or to alter their purchasing patterns in some other way. Because most of our sales are made on a purchase order basis, our
customers can generally cancel, change or delay product purchase commitments with little notice to us and without penalty. Our partners
or customers may develop their own solutions; our customers may purchase products from our competitors; and our partners may
discontinue sales or lose market share in the markets for which they purchase our products, all of which may alter partners’ or
customers’ purchasing patterns. Many of our customers often do not purchase directly from us but purchase through multiple OEMs,
ODMs, system integrators, distributors and other channel partners. One indirect customer which primarily purchases our products
through system integrators and distributors, including through Customer A, is estimated to have represented approximately 19% of total
revenue for fiscal year 2024, attributable to the
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 35/118