9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with “Item 1A.
Risk Factors”, our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto, as well as other cautionary statements and risks
described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase, hold or sell shares of our common stock.
Overview
Our Company and Our Businesses
NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. Since our original focus on PC
graphics, we have expanded to several other large and important computationally intensive fields. NVIDIA has leveraged its GPU
architecture to create platforms for accelerated computing, AI solutions, scientific computing, data science, AV, robotics, metaverse and
3D internet applications.
Our two operating segments are "Compute & Networking" and "Graphics." Refer to Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April
1998.
Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challenges
Demand and Supply, Product Transitions, and New Products and Business Models
Demand for our data center systems and products surged in fiscal year 2024. Entering fiscal year 2025, we are gathering customer
demand indications across several product transitions. We have demand visibility for our new data center products ramping later in fiscal
year 2025. We have increased our supply and capacity purchases with existing suppliers, added new vendors and entered into prepaid
manufacturing and capacity agreements. These increased purchase volumes, the number of suppliers, and the integration of new
vendors into our supply chain may create more complexity and execution risk. Our purchase commitments and obligations for inventory
and manufacturing capacity at the end of fiscal year 2024 were impacted by shortening lead times for certain components. We may
continue to enter into new supplier and capacity arrangements. Supply of Hopper architecture products is improving, and demand
remains very strong. We expect our next-generation products to be supply-constrained based upon demand indications. We may incur
inventory provisions or impairments if our inventory or supply or capacity commitments exceed demand for our products or demand
declines.
We build finished products and maintain inventory in advance of anticipated demand. While we have entered into long-term supply and
capacity commitments, we may not be able to secure sufficient commitments for capacity to address our business needs, or our long-
term demand expectations may change. These risks may increase as we shorten our product development cycles, enter new lines of
business, or integrate new suppliers or components into our supply chain, creating additional supply chain complexity.
Product transitions are complex as we often ship both new and prior architecture products simultaneously and we and our channel
partners prepare to ship and support new products. Due to our product introduction cycles, we are almost always in various stages of
transitioning the architecture of our Data Center, Professional Visualization, and Gaming products. We will have a broader and faster
Data Center product launch cadence to meet a growing and diverse set of AI opportunities. The increased frequency of these transitions
may magnify the challenges associated with managing our supply and demand due to manufacturing lead times. Qualification time for
new products, customers anticipating product transitions and channel partners reducing channel inventory of prior architectures ahead of
new product introductions can create reductions or volatility in our revenue. The increasing frequency and complexity of newly
introduced products could result in quality or production issues that could increase inventory provisions, warranty or other costs or result
in product delays. Deployment of new products to customers creates additional challenges due to the complexity of our technologies,
which has impacted and may in the future impact the timing of customer purchases or otherwise impact our demand. While we have
managed prior product transitions and have previously sold multiple product architectures at the same time, these transitions are difficult,
may impair our ability to predict demand and impact our supply mix, and we may incur additional costs.
We build technology and introduce products for new and innovative use cases and applications such as our NVIDIA DGX Cloud
services, Omniverse platform, LLMs, and generative AI models. Our demand estimates for new use cases, applications, and services
can be incorrect and create volatility in our revenue or supply levels, and we may not be able to generate significant revenue from these
use cases, applications, and services. Recent technologies, such as generative AI models, have emerged, and while they have driven
increased demand for Data Center, the long-term trajectory is unknown.
34
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 54/118