9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
or other third-party claims against us will be resolved without litigation, fines and/or substantial settlement payments or judgments. If
information becomes available that causes us to determine that a loss in any of our pending litigation, investigations or settlements is
probable, and we can reasonably estimate the loss associated with such events, we will record the loss in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
However, the actual liability in any such litigation or investigation may be materially different from our estimates, which could require us
to record additional costs.
Foreign Currency Remeasurement
We use the U.S. dollar as our functional currency for our subsidiaries. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured
into United States dollars at end-of-period exchange rates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities such as property and equipment and
equity are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Revenue and expenses are remeasured at exchange rates in effect during each
period, except for those expenses related to non-monetary balance sheet amounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates.
Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included in earnings in our Consolidated Statements of Income and to date
have not been significant.
Income Taxes
We recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the
current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our
estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any
deferred tax assets by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on available evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.
Our calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties
in the application of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty
or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the U.S., or foreign jurisdictions where we operate,
or changes in other facts or circumstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities for potential U.S. and foreign income tax contingencies
based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts
is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit
or additional income tax expense in our financial statements accordingly.
As of January 28, 2024, we had a valuation allowance of $1.6 billion related to capital loss carryforwards, and certain state and other
deferred tax assets that management determined are not likely to be realized due, in part, to jurisdictional projections of future taxable
income, including capital gains. To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize
such deferred tax assets as income tax benefits during the period.
We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely
on the technical merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a
component of income tax expense.
Net Income Per Share
Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common and potentially dilutive shares outstanding during the
period, using the treasury stock method. Any anti-dilutive effect of equity awards outstanding is not included in the computation of diluted
net income per share.
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
We consider all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at
the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Marketable securities consist of highly liquid debt investments with maturities of greater
than three months when purchased. We currently classify our investments as current based on the nature of the investments and their
availability for use in current operations.
We classify our cash equivalents and marketable securities related to debt securities at the date of acquisition as available-for-sale.
These available-for-sale debt securities are reported at fair value with the related unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated
other comprehensive income or loss, a component of shareholders’ equity, net of tax. The fair value of interest-bearing debt securities
includes accrued interest. Realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities are determined using the specific-identification
method and recorded in the other income (expense), net, section of our Consolidated Statements of Income.
Available-for-sale debt investments are subject to a periodic impairment review. If the estimated fair value of available-for-sale debt
securities is less than its amortized cost basis, we determine if the difference, if any, is caused by expected credit losses and write-down
the amortized cost basis of the securities if it is more likely than not we will be required or
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 85/118