9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Researchers and developers use our computing solutions to accelerate a wide range of important applications, from simulating
molecular dynamics to climate forecasting. With support for more than 3,500 applications, NVIDIA computing enables some of the most
promising areas of discovery, from climate prediction to materials science and from wind tunnel simulation to genomics. Including GPUs
and networking, NVIDIA powers over 75% of the supercomputers on the global TOP500 list, including 24 of the top 30 systems on the
Green500 list.
Gamers choose NVIDIA GPUs to enjoy immersive, increasingly cinematic virtual worlds. In addition to serving the growing number of
gamers, the market for PC GPUs is expanding because of the burgeoning population of live streamers, broadcasters, artists, and
creators. With the advent of generative AI, we expect a broader set of PC users to choose NVIDIA GPUs for running generative AI
applications locally on their PC, which is critical for privacy, latency, and cost-sensitive AI applications.
Professional artists, architects and designers use NVIDIA partner products accelerated with our GPUs and software platform for a range
of creative and design use cases, such as creating visual effects in movies or designing buildings and products. In addition, generative
AI is expanding the market for our workstation-class GPUs, as more enterprise customers develop and deploy AI applications with their
data on-premises.
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April
1998.
Our Businesses
We report our business results in two segments.
The Compute & Networking segment is comprised of our Data Center accelerated computing platforms and end-to-end networking
platforms including Quantum for InfiniBand and Spectrum for Ethernet; our NVIDIA DRIVE automated-driving platform and automotive
development agreements; Jetson robotics and other embedded platforms; NVIDIA AI Enterprise and other software; and DGX Cloud
software and services.
The Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related
infrastructure; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics; virtual GPU, or vGPU, software for cloud-based visual and
virtual computing; automotive platforms for infotainment systems; and Omniverse Enterprise software for building and operating
metaverse and 3D internet applications.
Our Markets
We specialize in markets where our computing platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms
incorporate processors, interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four
large markets where our expertise is critical: Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive.
Data Center
The NVIDIA Data Center platform is focused on accelerating the most compute-intensive workloads, such as AI, data analytics, graphics
and scientific computing, delivering significantly better performance and power efficiency relative to conventional CPU-only approaches.
It is deployed in cloud, hyperscale, on-premises and edge data centers. The platform consists of compute and networking offerings
typically delivered to customers as systems, subsystems, or modules, along with software and services.
Our compute offerings include supercomputing platforms and servers, bringing together our energy efficient GPUs, DPUs, interconnects,
and fully optimized AI and high-performance computing, or HPC, software stacks. In addition, they include NVIDIA AI Enterprise
software; our DGX Cloud service; and a growing body of acceleration libraries, APIs, SDKs, and domain-specific application frameworks.
Our networking offerings include end-to-end platforms for InfiniBand and Ethernet, consisting of network adapters, cables, DPUs, and
switch systems, as well as a full software stack. This has enabled us to architect data center-scale computing platforms that can
interconnect thousands of compute nodes with high-performance networking. While historically the server was the unit of computing, as
AI and HPC workloads have become extremely large spanning thousands of compute nodes, the data center has become the new unit
of computing, with networking as an integral part.
Our end customers include the world’s leading public cloud and consumer internet companies, thousands of enterprises and startups,
and public sector entities. We work with industry leaders to help build or transform their applications and data center infrastructure. Our
direct customers include original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, original device manufacturers, or ODMs, system integrators and
distributors which we partner with to help bring our products to market. We also have partnerships in automotive, healthcare, financial
services, manufacturing, and retail among others, to accelerate the adoption of AI.
5
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 6/118