9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
We are working with several hundred partners in the automotive ecosystem including automakers, truck makers, tier-one suppliers,
sensor manufacturers, automotive research institutions, HD mapping companies, and startups to develop and deploy AI systems for self-
driving vehicles. Our unified AI computing architecture starts with training deep neural networks using our Data Center computing
solutions, and then running a full perception, fusion, planning, and control stack within the vehicle on the NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion
platform. DRIVE Hyperion consists of the high-performance, energy efficient DRIVE AGX computing hardware, a reference sensor set
that supports full self-driving capability as well as an open, modular DRIVE software platform for autonomous driving, mapping, and
parking services, and intelligent in-vehicle experiences.
In addition, we offer a scalable data center-based simulation solution, NVIDIA DRIVE Sim, based on NVIDIA Omniverse software, for
digital cockpit development, as well as for testing and validating a self-driving platform. Our unique end-to-end, software-defined
approach is designed for continuous innovation and continuous development, enabling cars to receive over-the-air updates to add new
features and capabilities throughout the life of a vehicle.
Business Strategies
NVIDIA’s key strategies that shape our overall business approach include:
Advancing the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform. Our accelerated computing platform can solve complex problems in
significantly less time and with lower power consumption than alternative computational approaches. Indeed, it can help solve problems
that were previously deemed unsolvable. We work to deliver continued performance leaps that outpace Moore’s Law by leveraging
innovation across the architecture, chip design, system, interconnect, and software layers. This full-stack innovation approach allows us
to deliver order-of-magnitude performance advantages relative to legacy approaches in our target markets, which include Data Center,
Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address
them with a unified underlying architecture leveraging our GPUs, CUDA and networking technologies as the fundamental building
blocks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to make leveraged investments in research and development: we can
support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with shared underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either
internally or by third-party developers and partners. We utilize this platform approach in each of our target markets.
Extending our technology and platform leadership in AI. We provide a complete, end-to-end accelerated computing platform for AI,
addressing both training and inferencing. This includes full-stack data center-scale compute and networking solutions across processing
units, interconnects, systems, and software. Our compute solutions include all three major processing units in AI servers – GPUs, CPUs,
and DPUs. GPUs are uniquely suited to AI, and we will continue to add AI-specific features to our GPU architecture to further extend our
leadership position. In addition, we offer DGX Cloud, an AI-training-as-a-service platform, and NeMo – a complete solution for building
enterprise-ready Large Language Models, or LLMs, using open source and proprietary LLMs created by NVIDIA and third parties. Our AI
technology leadership is reinforced by our large and expanding ecosystem in a virtuous cycle. Our computing platforms are available
from virtually every major server maker and CSP, as well as on our own AI supercomputers. There are over 4.7 million developers
worldwide using CUDA and our other software tools to help deploy our technology in our target markets. We evangelize AI through
partnerships with hundreds of universities and thousands of startups through our Inception program. Additionally, our Deep Learning
Institute provides instruction on the latest techniques on how to design, train, and deploy neural networks in applications using our
accelerated computing platform.
Extending our technology and platform leadership in computer graphics. We believe that computer graphics infused with AI is
fundamental to the continued expansion and evolution of computing. We apply our research and development resources to enhance the
user experience for consumer entertainment and professional visualization applications and create new virtual world and simulation
capabilities. Our technologies are instrumental in driving the gaming, design, and creative industries forward, as developers leverage our
libraries and algorithms to deliver an optimized experience on our GeForce and NVIDIA RTX platforms. Our computer graphics platforms
leverage AI end-to-end, from the developer tools and cloud services to the Tensor Cores included in all RTX-class GPUs. For example,
NVIDIA Avatar Cloud Engine, or ACE, is a suite of technologies that help developers bring digital avatars to life with generative AI,
running in the cloud or locally on the PC. GeForce Experience enhances each gamer’s experience by optimizing their PC’s settings, as
well as enabling the recording and sharing of gameplay. Our Studio drivers enhance and accelerate a number of popular creative
applications. Omniverse is real-time 3D design collaboration and virtual world simulation software that empowers artists, designers, and
creators to connect and collaborate in leading design applications. We also enable interactive graphics applications - such as games,
movie and photo editing and design software - to be accessed by almost any device, almost anywhere, through our cloud platforms such
as vGPU for enterprise and GeForce NOW for gaming.
Advancing the leading autonomous vehicle platform. We believe the advent of autonomous vehicles, or AV, and electric vehicles, or
EV, is revolutionizing the transportation industry. The algorithms required for autonomous driving - such as perception, localization, and
planning - are too complex for legacy hand-coded approaches and will use multiple neural networks instead. In addition, EV makers are
looking for next-generation centralized car computers that integrate a wide range of intelligent functions into a single AI compute
platform. Therefore, we provide an AI-based hardware and software solution, designed and implemented from the ground up based on
automotive safety standards, for the AV and EV market under the DRIVE brand, which we are bringing to market through our
partnerships with automotive OEMs,
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 8/118