9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
• develop or acquire new products and technologies through investments in research and development;
• launch new offerings with new business models including software, services, and cloud solutions, as well as software-,
infrastructure-, or platform-as-a-service solutions;
• expand the ecosystem for our products and technologies;
• meet evolving and prevailing customer and industry safety, security, reliability expectations, and compliance standards;
• manage product and software lifecycles to maintain customer and end-user satisfaction;
• develop, acquire, maintain, and secure access to the internal and external infrastructure needed to scale our business,
including sufficient energy for powering data centers using our products, acquisition integrations, customer support, e-
commerce, IP licensing capabilities and cloud service capacity; and
• complete technical, financial, operational, compliance, sales and marketing investments for the above activities.
We have invested in research and development in markets where we have a limited operating history, which may not produce
meaningful revenue for several years, if at all. If we fail to develop or monetize new products and technologies, or if they do not become
widely adopted, our financial results could be adversely affected. Obtaining design wins may involve a lengthy process and depends on
our ability to anticipate and provide features and functionality that customers will demand. They also do not guarantee revenue. Failure
to obtain a design win may prevent us from obtaining future design wins in subsequent generations. We cannot ensure that the products
and technologies we bring to market will provide value to our customers and partners. If we fail any of these key success criteria, our
financial results may be harmed.
We have begun offering enterprise customers NVIDIA DGX Cloud services directly and through our network of partners, which include
cloud-based infrastructure, software and services for training and deploying AI models, and NVIDIA AI Foundations for customizable
pretrained AI models. We have partnered with CSPs to host such software and services in their data centers, and we entered and may
continue to enter into multi-year cloud service agreements to support these offerings and our research and development activities. The
timing and availability of these cloud services has changed and may continue to change, impacting our revenue, expenses, and
development timelines. NVIDIA DGX Cloud services may not be successful and will take time, resources, and investment. We also offer
or plan to offer standalone software solutions, including NVIDIA AI Enterprise, NVIDIA Omniverse, NVIDIA DRIVE, and several other
software solutions. These new business models or strategies may not be successful, and we may fail to sell any meaningful standalone
software or services. We may incur significant costs and may not achieve any significant revenue from these offerings.
Competition could adversely impact our market share and financial results.
Our target markets remain competitive, and competition may intensify with expanding and changing product and service offerings,
industry standards, customer needs, new entrants and consolidations. Our competitors’ products, services and technologies, including
those mentioned above in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may be cheaper or provide better functionality or features than ours, which
has resulted and may in the future result in lower-than-expected selling prices for our products. Some of our competitors operate their
own fabrication facilities, and have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, more comprehensive IP portfolios and patent
protections, more design wins, and greater financial, sales, marketing and distribution resources than we do. These competitors may be
able to acquire market share and/or prevent us from doing so, more effectively identify and capitalize upon opportunities in new markets
and end-user trends, more quickly transition their products, and impinge on our ability to procure sufficient foundry capacity and scarce
input materials during a supply-constrained environment, which could harm our business. Some of our customers have in-house
expertise and internal development capabilities similar to some of ours and can use or develop their own solutions to replace those we
are providing. For example, others may offer cloud-based services that compete with our AI cloud service offerings, and we may not be
able to establish market share sufficient to achieve the scale necessary to meet our business objectives. If we are unable to successfully
compete in this environment, demand for our products, services and technologies could decrease and we may not establish meaningful
revenue.
Risks Related to Demand, Supply and Manufacturing
Failure to estimate customer demand accurately has led and could lead to mismatches between supply and demand.
We use third parties to manufacture and assemble our products, and we have long manufacturing lead times. We are not provided
guaranteed wafer, component and capacity supply, and our supply deliveries and production may be non-linear within a quarter or year.
If our estimates of customer demand are inaccurate, as we have experienced in the past, there could be a significant mismatch between
supply and demand. This mismatch has resulted in both product shortages and excess inventory, has varied across our market
platforms, and has significantly harmed our financial results.
We build finished products and maintain inventory in advance of anticipated demand. While we have in the past entered and may in the
future enter into long-term supply and capacity commitments, we may not be able to secure sufficient
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 21/118