9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Competition
The market for our products is intensely competitive and is characterized by rapid technological change and evolving industry standards.
We believe that the principal competitive factors in this market are performance, breadth of product offerings, access to customers and
partners and distribution channels, software support, conformity to industry standard APIs, manufacturing capabilities, processor pricing,
and total system costs. We believe that our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we are able to anticipate the features
and functions that customers and partners will demand and whether we are able to deliver consistent volumes of our products at
acceptable levels of quality and at competitive prices. We expect competition to increase from both existing competitors and new market
entrants with products that may be lower priced than ours or may provide better performance or additional features not provided by our
products. In addition, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge and acquire significant market
share.
A significant source of competition comes from companies that provide or intend to provide GPUs, CPUs, DPUs, embedded SoCs, and
other accelerated, AI computing processor products, and providers of semiconductor-based high-performance interconnect products
based on InfiniBand, Ethernet, Fibre Channel, and proprietary technologies. Some of our competitors may have greater marketing,
financial, distribution and manufacturing resources than we do and may be more able to adapt to customers or technological changes.
We expect an increasingly competitive environment in the future.
Our current competitors include:
• suppliers and licensors of hardware and software for discrete and integrated GPUs, custom chips and other accelerated
computing solutions, including solutions offered for AI, such as Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., or AMD, Huawei Technologies
Co. Ltd., or Huawei, and Intel Corporation, or Intel;
• large cloud services companies with internal teams designing hardware and software that incorporate accelerated or AI
computing functionality as part of their internal solutions or platforms, such as Alibaba Group, Alphabet Inc., Amazon, Inc., or
Amazon, Baidu, Inc., Huawei, and Microsoft Corporation, or Microsoft;
• suppliers of Arm-based CPUs and companies that incorporate hardware and software for CPUs as part of their internal
solutions or platforms, such as Amazon, Huawei, and Microsoft;
• suppliers of hardware and software for SoC products that are used in servers or embedded into automobiles, autonomous
machines, and gaming devices, such as Ambarella, Inc., AMD, Broadcom Inc., or Broadcom, Intel, Qualcomm Incorporated,
Renesas Electronics Corporation, and Samsung, or companies with internal teams designing SoC products for their own
products and services, such as Tesla, Inc.; and
• networking products consisting of switches, network adapters (including DPUs), and cable solutions (including optical modules)
include such as AMD, Arista Networks, Broadcom, Cisco Systems, Inc., Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Huawei, Intel,
Lumentum Holdings, and Marvell Technology Group as well as internal teams of system vendors and large cloud services
companies.
Patents and Proprietary Rights
We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, and
licensing arrangements to protect our IP in the United States and internationally. Our currently issued patents have expiration dates from
February 2024 to August 2043. We have numerous patents issued, allowed, and pending in the United States and in foreign
jurisdictions. Our patents and pending patent applications primarily relate to our products and the technology used in connection with our
products. We also rely on international treaties, organizations, and foreign laws to protect our IP. The laws of certain foreign countries in
which our products are or may be manufactured or sold, including various countries in Asia, may not protect our products or IP rights to
the same extent as the laws of the United States. This decreased protection makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and
products more likely. We continuously assess whether and where to seek formal protection for innovations and technologies based on
such factors as:
• the location in which our products are manufactured;
• our strategic technology or product directions in different countries;
• the degree to which IP laws exist and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisdictions; and
• the commercial significance of our operations and our competitors' operations in particular countries and regions.
We have licensed technology from third parties and expect to continue entering such license agreements.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 11/118