9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
existing core financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain our financial records used to report operating
results. The upgrade will occur in phases. We will continue to evaluate each quarter whether there are changes that materially affect our
internal control over financial reporting.
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls
Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures or our internal controls, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within NVIDIA have been detected.
Item 9B. Other Information
On December 18, 2023, John O. Dabiri, a member of our Board of Directors, adopted a trading arrangement that is intended to satisfy
the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) for the sale through December 2, 2024 of an estimated 553 shares of our common
stock, assuming our closing stock price as of January 26, 2024. The number of shares is based on an estimate because the plan
specifies a formulaic dollar amount of shares to be sold.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not Applicable.
Part III
Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this report because we will file with the SEC a definitive proxy statement pursuant
to Regulation 14A, or the 2024 Proxy Statement, no later than 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2024, and certain information
included therein is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Identification of Directors
Information regarding directors required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement under the caption “Proposal 1 -
Election of Directors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Identification of Executive Officers
Reference is made to the information regarding executive officers appearing under the heading “Information About Our Executive
Officers” in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby incorporated by reference.
Identification of Audit Committee and Financial Experts
Information regarding our Audit Committee required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement under the captions
“Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,”
and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Material Changes to Procedures for Recommending Directors
Information regarding procedures for recommending directors required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement under
the caption “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports
Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy
Statement under the caption “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Code of Conduct
Information regarding our Code of Conduct required by this item will be contained in our 2024 Proxy Statement under the caption
“Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Code of Conduct,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. The
full text of our Code of Conduct and Financial Team Code of Conduct are published on the Investor Relations portion of our website,
under Governance, at www.nvidia.com. If we make any amendments to either code, or grant any waiver from a provision of either code
to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website or in a report on
Form 8-K. The contents of our website are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 70/118