9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Goodwill
Goodwill is subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier if indicators of potential impairment
exist. In completing our impairment test, we perform either a qualitative or a quantitative analysis on a reporting unit basis.
Qualitative factors include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors
affecting the reporting units.
The quantitative impairment test considers both the income approach and the market approach to estimate a reporting unit’s fair value.
The income and market valuation approaches consider factors that include, but are not limited to, prospective financial information,
growth rates, residual values, discount rates and comparable multiples from publicly traded companies in our industry and require us to
make certain assumptions and estimates regarding industry economic factors and the future profitability of our business.
Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets
Intangible assets primarily represent acquired intangible assets including developed technology and customer relationships, as well as
rights acquired under technology licenses, patents, and acquired IP. We currently amortize our intangible assets with finite lives over
periods ranging from one to twenty years using a method that reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset
are consumed or otherwise used up or, if that pattern cannot be reliably determined, using a straight-line amortization method.
Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. The
recoverability of assets or asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset
group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the carrying amount of an
asset or asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying
amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset or asset group. Fair value is determined based on the
estimated discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. Assets and liabilities to be disposed of
would be separately presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the assets would be reported at the lower of the carrying amount
or fair value less costs to sell, and would no longer be depreciated.
Business Combination
We allocate the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible
assets acquired, based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of the purchase price over the fair values of these net
tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions
believed to be reasonable, but our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. The estimates and
assumptions used in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows,
discount rate used to determine the present value of these cash flows and asset lives. These estimates are inherently uncertain and,
therefore, actual results may differ from the estimates made. As a result, during the measurement period of up to one year from the
acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill.
Upon the measurement period's conclusion or final determination of the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition, whichever
comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our Consolidated Statements of Income.
Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and expensed as incurred.
Investments in Non-Affiliated Entities
Our investment in non-affiliates consists of marketable equity securities, which are publicly traded, and non-marketable equity securities,
which are investments in privately held companies. Marketable equity securities have readily determinable fair values with changes in
fair value recorded in other income (expense), net. Non-marketable equity securities include investments that do not have a readily
determinable fair value. The investments that do not have readily determinable fair value are measured at cost minus impairment, if any,
and are adjusted for changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment in the
same issuer, or the measurement alternative. Fair value is based upon observable inputs in an inactive market and the valuation
requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. All gains and losses on these investments,
realized and unrealized, are recognized in other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Income.
We assess whether an impairment loss has occurred on our investments in non-marketable equity securities, accounted for under the
measurement alternative based on quantitative and qualitative factors. If any impairment is identified for non-marketable equity
securities, we write down the investment to its fair value and record the corresponding charge through other income (expense), net on
our Consolidated Statements of Income.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 89/118