9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
regulator or other industry stakeholder expectations, or we may fail to meet corporate sustainability disclosure or reporting standards.
We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report, and comply with various corporate sustainability
practices, choose not to conduct business with potential customers, or discontinue or not expand business with existing customers due
to our policies. These factors may negatively harm our brand, reputation and business activities or expose us to liability.
Issues relating to the responsible use of our technologies, including AI in our offerings, may result in reputational or financial
harm and liability.
Concerns relating to the responsible use of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, in our products and services may result in
reputational or financial harm and liability and may cause us to incur costs to resolve such issues. We are increasingly building AI
capabilities and protections into many of our products and services, and we also offer stand-alone AI applications. AI poses emerging
legal, social, and ethical issues and presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. If we enable
or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society, such as AI solutions that have unintended
consequences, infringe copyright or rights of publicity, or are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment
or other social, economic or political issues, or if we are unable to develop effective internal policies and frameworks relating to the
responsible development and use of AI models and systems offered through our sales channels, we may experience brand or
reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Complying with multiple regulations from different jurisdictions related to AI could
increase our cost of doing business, may change the way that we operate in certain jurisdictions, or may impede our ability to offer
certain products and services in certain jurisdictions if we are unable to comply with regulations. Compliance with existing and proposed
government regulation of AI, including in jurisdictions such as the European Union as well as under any U.S. regulation adopted in
response to the Biden administration’s Executive Order on AI, may also increase the cost of related research and development, and
create additional reporting and/or transparency requirements. For example, regulation adopted in response to the Executive Order on AI
could require us to notify the USG of certain safety test results and other information. Furthermore, changes in AI-related regulation
could disproportionately impact and disadvantage us and require us to change our business practices, which may negatively impact our
financial results. Our failure to adequately address concerns and regulations relating to the responsible use of AI by us or others could
undermine public confidence in AI and slow adoption of AI in our products and services or cause reputational or financial harm.
Actions to adequately protect our IP rights could result in substantial costs to us and our ability to compete could be harmed if
we are unsuccessful or if we are prohibited from making or selling our products.
From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings alleging patent infringement or other IP rights violations by us,
our employees or parties that we have agreed to indemnify. An unfavorable ruling could include significant damages, invalidation of one
or more patents, indemnification of third parties, payment of lost profits, or injunctive relief. Claims that our products or processes
infringe the IP rights of others, regardless of their merit, could cause us to incur significant costs to respond to, defend, and resolve such
claims, and they may also divert the efforts and attention of management and technical personnel.
We may commence legal proceedings to protect our IP rights, which may increase our operating expenses. We could be subject to
countersuits as a result. If infringement claims are made against us or our products are found to infringe a third party’s IP, we or one of
our indemnitees may have to seek a license to the third party’s IP rights. If we or one of our indemnitees is unable to obtain such a
license on acceptable terms or at all, we could be subject to substantial liabilities or have to suspend or discontinue the manufacture and
sale of one or more of our products. We may also have to make royalty or other payments or cross license our technology. If these
arrangements are not concluded on commercially reasonable terms, our business could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, the
indemnification of a customer or other indemnitee may increase our operating expenses and negatively impact our operating results.
We rely on patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, licensing arrangements and the
laws of the countries in which we operate to protect our IP. Foreign laws may not protect our products or IP rights to the same extent as
United States law. This makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more likely. The theft or unauthorized use or
publication of our trade secrets and other confidential information could harm our competitive position and reduce acceptance of our
products; as a result, the value of our investment in research and development, product development and marketing could be reduced.
We also may face risks to our IP if our employees are hired by competitors. We continuously assess whether and where to seek formal
protection for existing and new innovations and technologies but cannot be certain whether our applications for such protections will be
approved, and, if approved, whether they will be enforceable.
We are subject to stringent and changing data privacy and security laws, rules, regulations and other obligations. These areas
could damage our reputation, deter current and potential customers, affect our product design, or result in legal or regulatory
proceedings and liability.
We process sensitive, confidential or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, industry
standards, external and internal policies, contracts and other obligations that govern the processing of such data by us and on our
behalf. Concerns about our practices or the ultimate use of our products and services with regard
28
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 45/118