9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
disadvantage NVIDIA against certain of our competitors who sell products that are not subject to the new restrictions or may be able to
acquire licenses for their products.
Management of these new licenses and other requirements is complicated and time consuming. Our competitive position has been
harmed, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed, over the long-term, if there are further changes in the
USG’s export controls, including further expansion of the geographic, customer, or product scope of the controls, if customers purchase
product from competitors, if customers develop their own internal solution, if we are unable to provide contractual warranty or other
extended service obligations, if the USG does not grant licenses in a timely manner or denies licenses to significant customers or if we
incur significant transition costs. Even if the USG grants any requested licenses, the licenses may be temporary or impose burdensome
conditions that we or our customers or end users cannot or choose not to fulfill. The licensing requirements may benefit certain of our
competitors, as the licensing process will make our pre-sale and post-sale technical support efforts more cumbersome and less certain
and encourage customers in China to pursue alternatives to our products, including semiconductor suppliers based in China, Europe,
and Israel.
Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions, the USG has changed and may again change the export
control rules at any time and further subject a wider range of our products to export restrictions and licensing requirements, negatively
impacting our business and financial results. In the event of such change, we may be unable to sell our inventory of such products and
may be unable to develop replacement products not subject to the licensing requirements, effectively excluding us from all or part of the
China market, as well as other impacted markets, including the Middle East. For example, the USG has already imposed conditions to
limit the ability of foreign firms to create and offer as a service large-scale GPU clusters, for example by imposing license conditions on
the use of products to be exported to certain countries, or by requiring chip tracking and throttling mechanisms that would disable or
impair GPUs if certain system or use conditions are detected. The USG has already imposed export controls restricting certain gaming
GPUs, and if the USG expands such controls to restrict additional gaming products, it may disrupt a significant portion of our supply and
distribution chain and negatively impact sales of such products to markets outside China, including the U.S. and Europe. Export controls
may disrupt our supply and distribution chain for a substantial portion of our products, which are warehoused in and distributed from
Hong Kong. Export controls restricting our ability to sell datacenter GPUs may also negatively impact demand for our networking
products used in servers containing our GPUs. The USG may also impose export controls on our networking products, such as high-
speed network interconnects, to limit the ability of downstream parties to create large clusters for frontier model training. Any new control
that impacts a wider range of our products would likely have a disproportionate impact on NVIDIA and may disadvantage us against
certain of our competitors that sell chips that are outside the scope of such control. Excessive or shifting export controls have already
and may in the future encourage customers outside China and other impacted regions to “design-out” certain U.S. semiconductors from
their products to reduce the compliance burden and risk, and to ensure that they are able to serve markets worldwide. Excessive or
shifting export controls have already encouraged and may in the future encourage overseas governments to request that our customers
purchase from our competitors rather than NVIDIA or other U.S. firms, harming our business, market position, and financial results. As a
result, excessive or shifting export controls may negatively impact demand for our products and services not only in China, but also in
other markets, such as Europe, Latin America, and Southeast Asia. Excessive or shifting export controls increase the risk of investing in
U.S. advanced semiconductor products, because by the time a new product is ready for market, it may be subject to new unilateral
export controls restricting its sale. At the same time, such controls may increase investment in foreign competitors, which would be less
likely to be restricted by U.S. controls.
Additionally, restrictions imposed by the Chinese government on the duration of gaming activities and access to games may adversely
affect our Gaming revenue, and increased oversight of digital platform companies may adversely affect our Data Center revenue. The
Chinese government may impose restrictions on the sale to certain customers of our products, or any products containing components
made by our partners and suppliers. For example, the Chinese government announced restrictions relating to certain sales of products
containing certain products made by Micron, a supplier of ours. Further restrictions on our products or the products of our suppliers
could negatively impact our business and financial results.
Finally, our business depends on our ability to receive consistent and reliable supply from our overseas partners, especially in Taiwan.
Any new restrictions that negatively impact our ability to receive supply of components, parts, or services from Taiwan, would negatively
impact our business and financial results.
Increased scrutiny from shareholders, regulators and others regarding our corporate sustainability practices could result in
additional costs or risks and adversely impact our reputation and willingness of customers and suppliers to do business with
us.
Shareholder advocacy groups, certain investment funds, other market participants, shareholders, customers and government regulators
have focused increasingly on corporate sustainability practices and disclosures, including those associated with climate change and
human rights. Stakeholders may not be satisfied with our corporate sustainability practices and goals or the speed of their adoption.
Further, there is an increasing number of state-level initiatives in the U.S. that may conflict with other regulatory requirements or our
various stakeholders’ expectations. Additionally, our corporate sustainability practices, oversight of our practices or disclosure controls
may not meet evolving shareholder,
27
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 43/118