9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
or generate enough renewable energy to match 100% of our global electricity usage for our offices and data centers. In fiscal year 2023,
we increased the percentage of our total electricity use matched by renewable energy purchases to 44%. By fiscal year 2026, we aim to
engage manufacturing suppliers comprising at least 67% of NVIDIA’s scope 3 category 1 GHG emissions with goal of effecting supplier
adoption of science-based targets.
Whether it is creation of technology to power next-generation laptops or designs to support high-performance supercomputers,
improving energy efficiency is important in our research, development, and design processes. GPU-accelerated computing is inherently
more energy efficient than traditional computing for many workloads because it is optimized for throughput, performance per watt, and
certain AI workloads. The energy efficiency of our products is evidenced by our continued strong presence on the Green500 list of the
most energy-efficient systems. We powered 24 of the top 30 most energy efficient systems, including the top supercomputer, on the
Green500 list.
We plan to build Earth-2, a digital twin of the Earth on NVIDIA AI and NVIDIA Omniverse platforms. Earth-2 will enable scientists,
companies, and policy makers to do ultra-high-resolution predictions of the impact of climate change and explore mitigation and
adaptation strategies.
Human Capital Management
We believe that our employees are our greatest assets, and they play a key role in creating long-term value for our stakeholders. As of
the end of fiscal year 2024, we had approximately 29,600 employees in 36 countries, 22,200 were engaged in research and
development and 7,400 were engaged in sales, marketing, operations, and administrative positions. The Compensation Committee of
our Board of Directors assists in the oversight of policies and strategies relating to human capital management.
To be competitive and execute our business strategy successfully, we must recruit, develop, and retain talented employees, including
qualified executives, scientists, engineers, and technical and non-technical staff.
Recruitment
As the demand for global technical talent continues to be competitive, we have grown our technical workforce and have been successful
in attracting top talent to NVIDIA. We have attracted talent globally through our strong employer brand and differentiated hiring strategies
for college, professional, and leadership talent. Our workforce is 83% technical and 49% hold advanced degrees. Additionally, we have
increased focus on diversity recruiting, resulting in an increase in global female hiring in each channel. Our own employees help to
surface top talent, with over 40% of our new hires in fiscal year 2024 coming from employee referrals.
Development and Retention
To support employee development, we provide opportunities to learn on-the-job through training courses, targeted development
programs, mentoring and peer coaching and ongoing feedback. We have a library of live and on-demand learning experiences that
include workshops, panel discussions, and speaker forums. We create learning paths focused on our most common development needs
and constantly upgrade our offerings to ensure that our employees are exposed to the most current content and technologies available.
We offer tuition reimbursement programs to subsidize educational programs and advanced certifications. We implemented a career
coaching service to provide one-on-one guidance to employees, and encourage internal job mobility. We have implemented specifically
designed mentoring and development programs for women and employees from traditionally underrepresented groups to ensure
widespread readiness for future advancement.
To evaluate employee sentiment and engagement, we use pulse surveys, a suggestion box, and an anonymous third-party platform.
Pulse surveys help us gain insight into employee experience and provides employee-generated ideas so that we can take targeted
action. The suggestion box is an always-on, interactive tool where employees share their thoughts about making our company a better
place to work. The anonymous third-party platform is designed to protect the identity of the reporter and provide a mechanism for
reporters to follow an investigation and receive responses.
We want NVIDIA to be a place where people can build their careers over their lifetime. Our employees tend to come and stay. In fiscal
year 2024, our overall turnover rate was 2.7%.
Compensation, Benefits, and Well-Being
Our compensation program rewards performance and is structured to encourage employees to invest in the Company’s future.
Employees receive equity, except where unavailable due to local regulations, that is tied to the value of our stock price and vests over
time to retain employees while simultaneously aligning their interests with those of our shareholders.
We offer comprehensive benefits to support our employees’ and their families’ physical health, well-being, and financial health. Programs
include 401(k) programs in the U.S., statutory and supplemental pension programs outside the U.S., our employee stock purchase
program, flexible work hours, and time off policies to address mental health, stress, and time-management challenges. We evaluate our
benefit offerings globally and aim to provide comparable support across the regions where we operate. We are committed to providing
tailored benefits based on the needs of our Community Resource Groups and continuing our support for parents, both new birth parents
and those who wish to become parents.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 15/118