9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
Revenue Recognition
Revenue Allowances
For products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product
returns at the time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are
anticipated to exceed historical return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to reflect our
estimated exposure for product returns. Return rights for certain stocking distributors for specific products are contractually limited based
on a percentage of prior quarter shipments. For shipments to other customers, we do not allow returns, although we may approve
returns for credit or refund based on applicable facts and circumstances.
We account for customer programs, which involve rebates and marketing development funds, as a reduction in revenue and accrue for
such programs based on the amount we expect to be claimed by customers. Certain customer programs include distributor price
incentives or other channel programs for specific products and customer classes which require judgement as to whether the applicable
incentives will be attained. Estimates for customer program accruals include a combination of historical attainment and claim rates and
may be adjusted based on relevant internal and external factors.
License and Development Arrangements
Revenue from License and Development Arrangements is recognized over the period in which the development services are performed.
Each fiscal reporting period, we measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a percentage of the estimated
total cost required to complete each project. Estimated total cost for each project includes a forecast of internal engineer personnel time
expected to be incurred and other third-party costs as applicable.
Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations
Our contracts may contain more than one performance obligation. Judgement is required in determining whether each performance
obligation within a customer contract is distinct. Except for License and Development Arrangements, NVIDIA products and services
function on a standalone basis and do not require a significant amount of integration or interdependency. Therefore, multiple
performance obligations contained within a customer contract are considered distinct and are not combined for revenue recognition
purposes.
We allocate the total transaction price to each distinct performance obligation in a multiple performance obligations arrangement on a
relative standalone selling price basis. In certain cases, we can establish standalone selling price based on directly observable prices of
products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. If standalone selling price is not directly
observable, such as when we do not sell a product or service separately, we determine standalone selling price based on market data
and other observable inputs.
Change in Accounting Estimate
In February 2023, we assessed the useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment. Based on advances in technology and usage rate,
we increased the estimated useful life of a majority of the server, storage, and network equipment from three years to a range of four to
five years, and assembly and test equipment from five years to seven years. The estimated effect of this change for fiscal year 2024 was
a benefit of $33 million and $102 million for cost of revenue and operating expenses, respectively, which resulted in an increase in
operating income of $135 million and net income of $114 million after tax, or $0.05 per both basic and diluted share.
Results of Operations
A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 is presented
below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022 can be
found under Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 24,
2023, which is available free of charge on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov and at our investor relations website,
http://investor.nvidia.com.
38
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 59/118