9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
immediately due and payable. Changes to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of our securities, restrict our
ability to obtain future financing and affect the terms of any such financing.
Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and agreement with Microsoft could delay or prevent a change in
control.
The anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control.
Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our
outstanding stock. These provisions include the ability of our Board of Directors to create and issue preferred stock, change the number
of directors, and to make, amend or repeal our bylaws without prior shareholder approval; the inability of our shareholders to act by
written consent or call special meetings; advance notice requirements for director nominations and shareholder proposals; and a super-
majority voting requirement to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Under our agreement with Microsoft
for the Xbox, if someone makes an offer to purchase at least 30% of our outstanding common stock, Microsoft may have first and last
rights of refusal to purchase the stock. These provisions could delay or prevent a change in control of NVIDIA, discourage proxy
contests, and make it more difficult for shareholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions
they desire.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
Not applicable.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Risk management and strategy
We have in place certain infrastructure, systems, policies, and procedures that are designed to proactively and reactively address
circumstances that arise when unexpected events such as a cybersecurity incident occur. These include processes for assessing,
identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our information security management program generally follows
processes outlined in frameworks such as the ISO 27001 international standard for Information Security and we evaluate and evolve our
security measures as appropriate. We consult with external parties, such as cybersecurity firms and risk management and governance
experts, on risk management and strategy.
Identifying, assessing, and managing cybersecurity risk is integrated into our overall risk management systems and processes, and we
have in place cybersecurity and data privacy training and policies designed to (a) respond to new requirements in global privacy laws
and (b) prevent, detect, respond to, mitigate and recover from identified and significant cybersecurity threats.
We also have a vendor risk assessment process consisting of the distribution and review of supplier questionnaires designed to help us
evaluate cybersecurity risks that we may encounter when working with third parties that have access to confidential and other sensitive
company information. We take steps designed to ensure that such vendors have implemented data privacy and security controls that
help mitigate the cybersecurity risks associated with these vendors. We routinely assess our high-risk suppliers’ conformance to industry
standards (e.g., ISO 27001, ISO 28001, and C-TPAT), and we evaluate them for additional information, product, and physical security
requirements.
Refer to “Item 1A. Risk factors” in this annual report on Form 10-K for additional information about cybersecurity-related risks.
Governance
Information security matters, including managing and assessing risks from cybersecurity threats, remain under the oversight of the
Company’s Board of Directors, or the Board. The Audit Committee of the Board, or the Audit Committee, also reviews the adequacy and
effectiveness of the Company’s information security policies and practices and the internal controls regarding information security risks.
The Audit Committee receives regular information security updates from management, including our Chief Security Officer and members
of our security team. The Board also receives annual reports on information security matters from our Chief Security Officer and
members of our security team.
Our security efforts are managed by a team of executive cybersecurity, IT, engineering, operations, and legal professionals. We have
established a cross-functional leadership team, consisting of executive-level leaders, that meets regularly to review cybersecurity
matters and evaluate emerging threats. With oversight and guidance provided by the cross-functional leadership team, our information
security teams refine our practices to address emerging security risks and changes in regulations. Our executive-level leadership team
also participates in cybersecurity incident response efforts by engaging with the incident response team and helping direct the
company’s response to and assessment of certain cybersecurity incidents.
We have designated a Chief Security Officer that reports to our Senior Vice President of Software Engineering to manage our
assessment and management of material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our Chief Security Officer’s cybersecurity expertise includes
over 17 years of combined government and private sector assignments.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 49/118