9/17/25, 1:58 PM nvda-20240128
Table of Contents
At the foundation of the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform are our GPUs, which excel at parallel workloads such as the training
and inferencing of neural networks. They are available in the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform and in industry standard servers
from every major cloud provider and server maker. Beyond GPUs, our data center platform expanded to include DPUs in fiscal year
2022 and CPUs in fiscal year 2024. We can optimize across the entire computing, networking and storage stack to deliver data center-
scale computing solutions.
While our approach starts with powerful chips, what makes it a full-stack computing platform is our large body of software, including the
CUDA parallel programming model, the CUDA-X collection of acceleration libraries, APIs, SDKs, and domain-specific application
frameworks.
In addition to software delivered to customers as an integral part of our data center computing platform, we offer paid licenses to NVIDIA
AI Enterprise, a comprehensive suite of enterprise-grade AI software and NVIDIA vGPU software for graphics-rich virtual desktops and
workstations.
In fiscal year 2024, we launched the NVIDIA DGX Cloud, an AI-training-as-a-service platform which includes cloud-based infrastructure
and software for AI, customizable pretrained AI models, and access to NVIDIA experts. We have partnered with leading cloud service
providers to host this service in their data centers.
Gaming
Gaming is the largest entertainment industry, with PC gaming as the predominant platform. Many factors propel its growth, including new
high production value games and franchises, the continued rise of competitive gaming, or eSports, social connectivity and the increasing
popularity of game streamers, modders, or gamers who remaster games, and creators.
Our gaming platforms leverage our GPUs and sophisticated software to enhance the gaming experience with smoother, higher quality
graphics. We developed NVIDIA RTX to bring next generation graphics and AI to games. NVIDIA RTX features ray tracing technology for
real-time, cinematic-quality rendering. Ray tracing, which has long been used for special effects in the movie industry, is a
computationally intensive technique that simulates the physical behavior of light to achieve greater realism in computer-generated
scenes. NVIDIA RTX also features deep learning super sampling, or NVIDIA DLSS, our AI technology that boosts frame rates while
generating beautiful, sharp images for games. RTX GPUs will also accelerate a new generation of AI applications. With an installed base
of over 100 million AI capable PCs, more than 500 RTX AI-enabled applications and games, and a robust suite of development tools,
RTX is already the AI PC leader.
Our products for the gaming market include GeForce RTX and GeForce GTX GPUs for gaming desktop and laptop PCs, GeForce NOW
cloud gaming for playing PC games on underpowered devices, as well as SoCs and development services for game consoles.
Professional Visualization
We serve the Professional Visualization market by working closely with independent software vendors, or ISVs, to optimize their
offerings for NVIDIA GPUs. Our GPU computing platform enhances productivity and introduces new capabilities for critical workflows in
many fields, such as design and manufacturing and digital content creation. Design and manufacturing encompass computer-aided
design, architectural design, consumer-products manufacturing, medical instrumentation, and aerospace. Digital content creation
includes professional video editing and post-production, special effects for films, and broadcast-television graphics.
The NVIDIA RTX platform makes it possible to render film-quality, photorealistic objects and environments with physically accurate
shadows, reflections and refractions using ray tracing in real-time. Many leading 3D design and content creation applications developed
by our ecosystem partners now support RTX, allowing professionals to accelerate and transform their workflows with NVIDIA RTX GPUs
and software.
We offer NVIDIA Omniverse as a development platform and operating system for building virtual world simulation applications, available
as a software subscription for enterprise use and free for individual use. Industrial enterprises are adopting Omniverse’s 3D and
simulation technologies to digitalize their complex physical assets, processes, and environments – building digital twins of factories, real
time 3D product configurators, testing and validating autonomous robots and vehicles, powered by NVIDIA accelerated computing
infrastructure on-premises and in the cloud.
Automotive
Automotive market is comprised of platform solutions for automated driving and in-vehicle cockpit computing. Leveraging our technology
leadership in AI and building on our long-standing automotive relationships, we are delivering a complete end-to-end solution for the AV
market under the DRIVE Hyperion brand. We have demonstrated multiple applications of AI within the car: AI can drive the car itself as a
pilot in fully autonomous mode or it can also be a co-pilot, assisting the human driver while creating a safer driving experience.
6
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581024000029/nvda-20240128.htm 7/118